Tim Sackton: So if you look on roll 20,
Tim Sackton: you should see a map of Drankor. Yep.
Tim Sackton: So we begin
Tim Sackton: on vendor side
Tim Sackton: just before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, look at this.
Tim Sackton: Teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Tim Sackton: Take care!
Eric Rosenbaum: Doing the
Eric Rosenbaum: the ice shield, ramming speed plan.
Tim Sackton: You are somewhere like here.
Tim Sackton: I I set this up so the scale should be pretty accurate. Your this is the big temple. So you're looking as you're looking across the jungles of.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: That surround rancor. You can see
Tim Sackton: a few key landmarks
Tim Sackton: so straight to the east.
Tim Sackton: There's a large section of this city that is
Tim Sackton: barely intact and not surrounded by trees.
Tim Sackton: A road, some roads, and this massive like.
Tim Sackton: you know, 300 feet across.
Mike Sackton: I'll be right back. Guys. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: This massive like 300 foot across
Tim Sackton: dome
Tim Sackton: of, or bigger even than that dome of the Temple of the 8 Divines.
Tim Sackton: Clearly the largest temple in Drankor.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like, it's maybe slightly bigger on the map than it would be in real life. It's like 600 feet of glass. That's pretty huge.
Tim Sackton: slightly to the north of the temple there's a ruined
Tim Sackton: amphitheater Coliseum, also quite massive, that you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's that thing. Okay?
Tim Sackton: to the north.
Tim Sackton: There's this line of hills, and then on the other side of the hills there's a depression with
Tim Sackton: giant
Eric Rosenbaum: A pyramid.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I was looking for like a golden dome. But there, I didn't find any domes I just used. This is all just stamps from this.
Tim Sackton: This is like the the top of of Apollyon's tomb, that, like golden dome
Tim Sackton: that sticks up above the red mist.
Tim Sackton: But it looks like like there wasn't a a gold enough dome in the incarnate steps for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome. This place is covered in rest. Red man, I mean. Come on.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, completely covered in this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It looks really nice. Actually, it looks like really beautiful, except for the destructive place in this way.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It's there's some downsides.
Eric Rosenbaum: There!
Tim Sackton: It's it's kind of like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go. Okay, okay, that makes it look a lot less.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How's okay, Tim? Like, when Kenzo communes with major and stuff like, how are the plants even surviving and shit? How's there anything alive here with all the.
Tim Sackton: Well, not everywhere is filled with red mist. It's just the
Tim Sackton: it's just this area up here.
Tim Sackton: Oh, somebody made that into a dome. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the reason is, there are, why, how is there anything living there like? What's the.
Tim Sackton: I mean there may not be. The plants might be cursed and corrupted, and attack you when you enter the red mist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But this is, you know, communication. What's what's going on.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I I mean, in some ways it actually is kind of similar to the ruined town in
Tim Sackton: on the circular island. There's like you can definitely feel that there's patches of.
Tim Sackton: you know, distorted magic, or this kind of
Tim Sackton: plague echoes that stretch kind of randomly across the jungle, and
Tim Sackton: there are places where the trees seem to be almost normal, like you can like, especially around the temple, and a lot of these. So all of these domes here, all of these little domes like this
Tim Sackton: and this, these are all smaller
Tim Sackton: smaller temples that dot the landscape. There's like the occasional tower. There's some. This is a huge plaza.
Tim Sackton: It's not a perfect guide, but, roughly speaking, the the like sort of
Tim Sackton: darker green sort of more normal looking trees like here or here
Tim Sackton: or here.
Tim Sackton: or like here, are sort of healthy jungle, and these, like
Tim Sackton: weirder, greener
Tim Sackton: off color. Trees are sort of like
Tim Sackton: infected with plague, corruption, or something like that. So there's patches that are sort of normal. There's places where the
Tim Sackton: the sort of echoes of this corruption are creeping into the ruins like here
Tim Sackton: or here.
Tim Sackton: There's some places where there's intact buildings like right around this temple. You can see like this little stretch here. There's like some intact
Tim Sackton: manors and villas and things like that.
Tim Sackton: but it's a mix. It's a little bit hard to, I mean, Kenzo sort of has a sense right of where there's
Tim Sackton: the most danger. And what's the
Tim Sackton: what might be the safest? And a lot of places are ruined right? The the bigger temples seem to be intact. This
Tim Sackton: here is the sapphire tower that is completely intact.
Tim Sackton: The other towers are
Tim Sackton: maybe less intact.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's this one up here.
Tim Sackton: That's another tower. That's another one of the teeth. That's not only the sapphire one is fully intact with its like
Tim Sackton: dome, and everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you said, we're way over here on the west side.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, because we came in overly.
Tim Sackton: Came in to the west. You you like flew up over this hill, and you saw polyons
Tim Sackton: Tomb and the red mist, and then you were like. Let's not go that way. And you retreated back over towards the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Riswin, plan.
Tim Sackton: And the current plan was to teleport to the
Tim Sackton: the dome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Jim, can you drop the the Bizarro tokens
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: approximate.
Tim Sackton: Well, they're not on this map.
Tim Sackton: This map is far too big for the bazaar. They're they're like, right
Tim Sackton: here, Ish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Down by the waterfront.
Tim Sackton: Or this is like the docks where they're waiting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the temple we're gonna teleport into is where? Where.
Tim Sackton: This. It's this right here.
Tim Sackton: this blue Tower right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait!
Mike Sackton: The main thing is, we have no plan for how we get
Mike Sackton: from the top of the temple down to bite the rest of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we don't. We want to stay up there because we'll.
Mike Sackton: Like, if we just use kit. Presumably if we learn to control it, we could just blast them with lightning blasts. So they're gonna have, we'd make them have to come to us right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll just defend the sapphire tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, after taking it.
Mike Sackton: Speaker is gonna wanna play with the buttons and go boop, boop! Boop! Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: They will have definitely anticipated
Eric Rosenbaum: that we would make that plan. But we could play that game endlessly. We should just do it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, my presumption is they'll teleport into the tower.
Mike Sackton: because that's the most obvious way of getting there right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know it would be the.
Mike Sackton: Or they'll dimension door, but they can't. All. Dimension door
Mike Sackton: seeker's the only one of them with dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what? They don't have
Eric Rosenbaum: a skyship.
Mike Sackton: They do not have a skyship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is Faldrick still with us on the Skyship? Or do we leave all the civilians.
Mike Sackton: No, no.
Tim Sackton: Everybody's with you. They're all immune to fear, except for the 2 new halflings, who are not having a good time of it, and maybe you should feel slightly guilty for dragging them through a.
Mike Sackton: They, weren't they the ones who are like? We want to be here to record the story.
Tim Sackton: They were.
Mike Sackton: We force them to come, though they begged us to let us let them come. So I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are we allowing them to leave? No. But did we force them to come.
Mike Sackton: They want to leave. They're welcome to leave. They just what are we gonna do? They're like over Drake, or there's nowhere for them to go. We're not gonna like, do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: All.
Mike Sackton: Mission to fly them away. But there.
Eric Rosenbaum: All the bed and breakfasts and drink, or are booked up. So there's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly right. Like, it's not our fault.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once we teleport in a tower. The only thing that's gonna be in there is a Dj controller, and then we just have that lord of the Rings party, and then that's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So do we have a way to communicate with Faldrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we can leave a message, Stone.
Mike Sackton: Oh, because once we have the tower he should fly in and start bombing them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah, can he operate the icicle turret? Yeah, that's how we.
Mike Sackton: Killed the other seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes, exactly so he he's already battle hardened with respect to.
Mike Sackton: I think, sky Ship, as soon as we teleport into the Tower. Soon as we give the all clear skyship makes best speed towards us.
Tim Sackton: You can. You can include them in your telepathy circle for 50 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! So we should do that, or.
Kate Sackton: Redundant communications set up
Kate Sackton: wisely in advance.
Mike Sackton: Right. Well, as soon as we have control over the tower
Mike Sackton: we get our skyship in to come.
Mike Sackton: pelt them with ice from the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: So. But we're not going to draw fire 1st from the tower to find out how strong it is, and see if it.
Mike Sackton: Why do you want Vindicarda to crash into the ground? I don't totally understand it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a little lightning bolt. And we're flying like a mountain. Basically, it's not gonna take us down. But anyway.
Kate Sackton: Remember, post, battle, activity, post, battle, activity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright!
Mike Sackton: I've got.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were.
Mike Sackton: Going to probe like we did want Vendra Sharna to. We wanted Faldrick to fake an attack right? So we want to look like we're making another attack against the tower with the ship.
Mike Sackton: so they don't like, and then teleport
Mike Sackton: and then have him, you know, like, last time we came up, and it
Mike Sackton: started getting lightning, and then we fled
Mike Sackton: right right. I think Faldrick should do the same thing. He creeps up.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we teleport right then.
Mike Sackton: And then we teleport right then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright good idea! And then what else do we need to prep for the teleport? Should I bring?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I cast construct, probably when we land
Eric Rosenbaum: anything else we need to prep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the latter.
Mike Sackton: We could teleport 8 people. I think so. In theory you could do both of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: In advance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what was the downside of? I thought we were gonna do all 8, all of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Okay, we're going to do all 8. So let me knock down some slots for that.
Mike Sackton: Just save your 8th level slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah. So I'll just do a regular size construct. Oh, I need to like, make a character sheet for a construct and a character sheet for the ladder.
Tim Sackton: Which
Eric Rosenbaum: Aye.
Tim Sackton: What
Tim Sackton: kind of construct are you summoning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I was trying to remember what I did last time here.
Tim Sackton: But you did. I think you did, Clay once, and stone once.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: think that I ended up liking the stone one better.
Eric Rosenbaum: The clay has like a berserker thing, and then the stone has like a lethargy one.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm feeling the stone one right now. So I'm gonna do the stone one.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. So let me mark off the
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just do like a
Eric Rosenbaum: 5th Level 4th Level Spot slot for the construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Kate Sackton: So we're banking on.
Eric Rosenbaum: 40.
Kate Sackton: Us as being the worst thing around here, because Polyon's still locked up. So we're gonna go to him after we've had like a nice long rest and stuff, so.
Mike Sackton: That's our plan.
Kate Sackton: Budget. Our spell slots. Just
Kate Sackton: make it through killing the 5 of us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think that's the point.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Tim Sackton: We should have a stone Golem token. Now.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: right I need. I need 1 min and 12 seconds before we teleport.
Mike Sackton: What's that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Mike Sackton: To cast 2 spells and then use my ritual. That gets 2 spell slots back.
Tim Sackton: Okay, anybody else doing anything before you teleport.
Kate Sackton: We have a proud history of me.
Kate Sackton: with some jiggering.
Kate Sackton: What's that spell? I have
Kate Sackton: desk boarding Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: XT.
Kate Sackton: Or somebody else.
Kate Sackton: Does anybody have people like outgrown needing to be death warded or shit.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: no, no, I just how long does Death Ward last.
Tim Sackton: 8 h, right?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Can you cash.
Kate Sackton: 8 h.
Mike Sackton: What level spell is it? There.
Kate Sackton: It's a 4th Level spell, and I can cast
Kate Sackton: 3 4th Level spells.
Mike Sackton: I mean the time you want a death. Ward is before we go fight Napoleon.
Mike Sackton: because he's gonna be.
Kate Sackton: Again. If we're getting longer.
Mike Sackton: We'll get a long rest. Yeah, no death towards somebody. It's a good idea.
Kate Sackton: I have traditionally death! Worded Kenzo. If that's still the best strategy, that's what I'll do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many death words can you do?
Kate Sackton: I could. Well, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Well, one person.
Kate Sackton: Running my 4th Level spell slots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that the word? Do it again.
Mike Sackton: If you die, you go to one hit point instead, right.
Tim Sackton: If you, if you would drop to 0 hit points, you instead drop to one hit point.
Kate Sackton: It's come in handy a couple times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah up. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Kate Sackton: So done, Kenzo is death warded.
Tim Sackton: Everybody ready!
Kate Sackton: Well, he looks like he's going to say something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think in game I don't want to. I want to move this forward. I don't want to slow it down, but I think Welby will say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as this teleport is being cast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this is a trap right.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Teleport. You all have to be within 10 feet of each other.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I need to restart. Zoom. I'm getting robot voice from everybody so.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just give me a minute, probably ran out of RAM or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it's it's definitely a trap, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The least well, individually defended member of the party is sitting on their own like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's bait.
Mike Sackton: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's Dolla doing in there.
Mike Sackton: We did scry that rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what was he doing in there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was in.
Mike Sackton: Calling.
Mike Sackton: did we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where the people.
Tim Sackton: What happens.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do, they must believe.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they were like walking. We scried
Mike Sackton: somebody, Kenzo, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Mike Sackton: Welby. I scried one of Welby or Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We couldn't find Lobby. We'll be sitting someplace.
Tim Sackton: Bobby's hidden someplace
Tim Sackton: speaker, I think, who has the wisdom saved.
Mike Sackton: I tried dealt with and seeker.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't. I don't even know if I scried, dealt with, or scried the top of the tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I don't keep going into it. I'm just. I'm just registering.
Tim Sackton: Sharing my.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Suspicion and distrust.
Tim Sackton: You all have to be. You all have to appear within 10 feet of seeker.
Tim Sackton: So you go pick your spot, delete your chance weaver dice. They're now used up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got a
Eric Rosenbaum: can't mark off my teleportation
Eric Rosenbaum: slot, my 7th level slot and my chance weaver dice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She might not see the tokens for us on the board.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry. Let's put out we've got.
Tim Sackton: Where's when
Tim Sackton: Penz out
Tim Sackton: dealt with?
Tim Sackton: Down Gollum
Tim Sackton: San Rock? I'm Delwett.
Tim Sackton: You really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ladder.
Tim Sackton: Like a pretty big group these days.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so seeker picks where he is, and then everybody's got to be within 10 feet of seeker.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Or one square away.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're Gonna be like down here, I guess, because we know that
Eric Rosenbaum: this is Wait. Why is Dilwyth so big? I mean bizarre? Dilwith.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: because our della's not big.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the Golem. There's.
Mike Sackton: Don't go!
Tim Sackton: Stone Golem up here is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it'll be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just starting in melee
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yet.
Mike Sackton: We should be as close to. Well, it doesn't matter. We can all move, but
Mike Sackton: so these.
Tim Sackton: 4. Okay, so just to orient you to the map, these 4
Tim Sackton: things are like crystals that
Tim Sackton: extend OP. Forming pillars.
Tim Sackton: This is a trap door in the floor that has vines growing up through it.
Tim Sackton: This is a a door. This is a door. Both are closed.
Tim Sackton: but they go out to this exterior wall.
Mike Sackton: And what is that blue laser light.
Tim Sackton: In the middle. Yeah, that's like the control panel that dealt with this.
Mike Sackton: So is that like.
Tim Sackton: It's just on the floor. It's just mixed circles on the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So we start.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe I should even put us further.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Mike Sackton: I'm just what? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, everybody's got to be within
Tim Sackton: 10 feet of you, so that leaves
Tim Sackton: you can't be there. There's not enough space for everybody to appear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see what you mean. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: because especially my friends are my.
Tim Sackton: Your friends are both large, which.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucks. The weird red thing.
Mike Sackton: That's Eric Stone.
Tim Sackton: That's our.
Mike Sackton: And go on.
Tim Sackton: Although I think that is it. It's is it large or medium?
Tim Sackton: What does the spell say? I think it's medium.
Mike Sackton: Do we want to be invisible? Just as an aside.
Kate Sackton: Can you see invisibility.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna trigger my see? Invisible. Thank you. I forgot to do that before the Dragon battle last.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Mike Sackton: Annoyed me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Medium.
Tim Sackton: It's medium.
Kate Sackton: Can other dealt with, see invisible.
Mike Sackton: No, it's an item.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: I mean we'll stop being invisible as soon as we attack.
Mike Sackton: Correct, but it gives you advantage on your 1st attack.
Tim Sackton: It also gives you advantage on initiatives.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we gonna take out this still list? Oh, my God! I mean.
Tim Sackton: Everybody take the tokens within 10 feet of seeker and then roll initiative. But decide if you're invisible first.st
Mike Sackton: So some lacrum dealt with who's probably going to die anyway, is not saving his spell slots for anything. He's going to cast
Mike Sackton: invisibility and armor of Agatha.
Mike Sackton: And so everybody's invisible.
Mike Sackton: and he has some temp. Hit points. Okay? And then he's gonna use his his
Mike Sackton: restoration thing. I mean, I assume he can use his features that give back spell slots. You just can't get.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, he can use those features. He just can't benefit from short or long rest.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So then he's gonna use the feature that recovers the whatever. It is. Magical cunning. So we're all invisible. Well, sorry. Not everybody.
Mike Sackton: Seeker is not invisible because he cast a spell.
Mike Sackton: You cast a spell.
Tim Sackton: Teleport. You can't.
Mike Sackton: Teleport.
Mike Sackton: and it's also only 4 people.
Mike Sackton: So 4 of us are invisible.
Tim Sackton: So who's invisible? Decide quick!
Mike Sackton: Kenzo will be
Mike Sackton: raise when
Mike Sackton: no Kenza will be some whacrum dealt with
Mike Sackton: and regular dealt with.
Mike Sackton: or maybe Rizwyn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't need it.
Mike Sackton: Everybody, put your.
Tim Sackton: Within 5, within.
Mike Sackton: So Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, some lacrum dealt with.
Mike Sackton: real dealt with, and Razwyn, artist.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Can you.
Mike Sackton: If you move the ladder back a square we can make a better line.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, we can't be that far.
Tim Sackton: That's as far as you can be. Kenza is too far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you have to.
Tim Sackton: Nope, that's too far away.
Mike Sackton: Be next to Rizwyn.
Mike Sackton: but now some wackrum dealt with is boxed in.
Mike Sackton: but the ladder's flying. He can go underneath the ladder right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Still counts as difficult. You can go through your allies. It just counts as difficult. Terrain.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So real dealt with is at the top. Right sumi Acron dealt with is in front of me, and then Bizarro dealt.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, correct.
Tim Sackton: There are 3 delettes.
Mike Sackton: Deal with. There's definitely a spider-man scene happens immediately, right? Except that the 2 there's only one deal with at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Galeths are both invisible.
Tim Sackton: Okay, everybody roll initiative with advantage. If you are invisible
Tim Sackton: and shout out what you.
Mike Sackton: Well, some whack I'm dealt with got a 22 roll, the natural 20
Mike Sackton: and real Dallas got a 19 rolled a got a 21.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as resident.
Tim Sackton: And invisible.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I thought, so.
Mike Sackton: Rizwyn, Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: and the 2 Dao Wests are invisible.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so 21 are you?
Tim Sackton: Who's 22.
Mike Sackton: Some lock room dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Real deal with is 21.
Kate Sackton: This one is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker, also 21,
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, how.
Tim Sackton: These are incredible initiatives. Okay, are you swapping? What did Kenzah roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28.
Tim Sackton: What?
Tim Sackton: 28.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: How is that possible?
Tim Sackton: He has a plus 10 to initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Are you swapping the order of anybody.
Mike Sackton: Shouldn't well be go first, st so everybody gets advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: well, we go before.
Mike Sackton: Will be go before Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: 28, while B,
Tim Sackton: 21, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: 22.
Mike Sackton: Some lacrum deal with, and Kenzo should also swap, because that way some lacrum dealwith is not stuck behind Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why?
Mike Sackton: If you take 22 simulakam deal with has 20, if you take 21 from Welby.
Mike Sackton: if you give your 28 to Welby.
Mike Sackton: Then some lacrum deal with rolled a natural 20, and so got a 22 with his measly little plus 2.
Mike Sackton: But you would take Welby's 21, and so Kenzo would go
Mike Sackton: after Simulakam dealt with. But it's better for Kenzie to go before Simulakram dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So I've got Welby Kenzam dealt with. Who else were the 21 s.
Mike Sackton: A real dealt with, and the real dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: And seeker.
Tim Sackton: We all dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Roll the 22.
Mike Sackton: No other way around.
Tim Sackton: Slack and dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm also a 21.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm rolling. I rolled real dealt with with real dice, and I rolled, and I had an advantage. Rolled a 19 in a 2. Okay.
Tim Sackton: This is probably the best set of initiative rules in history.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Welby, 28, Kenzo 22 dealt with
Tim Sackton: Seeker and Samakim Dawith at 21, and Risman at 20.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, the goal here is to kill him before he can even move.
Mike Sackton: So let's go.
Tim Sackton: You all appear
Tim Sackton: some Rackham or Bizarro dealt with looks up
Tim Sackton: as you teleport his
Tim Sackton: longsword humming slightly in his hand as he
Tim Sackton: scans and turns to who's visible.
Mike Sackton: Well be and seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the stone. Construct the stone, construct.
Mike Sackton: Water.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Turns, turns and looks as Welby before he can open his mouth.
Tim Sackton: What are you doing.
Mike Sackton: You're on mute.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry shoot he let's see, I'm gonna use
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): scare
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hero.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's wearing armor right? Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and.
Mike Sackton: Remember, we got to take his token. Somebody has to go after the token.
Tim Sackton: 20
Tim Sackton: deck or sleeve.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 28.
Tim Sackton: 28. Okay, that hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool. I'm using all 4 charges on the.
Tim Sackton: Wait. You don't. You're using a different. You're using the wrong weapon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Using the road.
Tim Sackton: Shouldn't you be using your wayfarer? Bow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, which is possible.
Mike Sackton: Too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay? 29. Then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I'm going to use
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seeker hazard consave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now let's unsafe it.
Mike Sackton: Oh, seekers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cheers
Eric Rosenbaum: us, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, sorry I said the wrong.
Mike Sackton: Deleth's con save is plus 2 deleth. Do not do wisdom or charisma. Everything else sucks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. I'm gonna use
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): days. So the last 2D. 6 of this and it'll be a DC. 18
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): con. Save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So let me roll this, and then we do a little bit more math.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's minus 7.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's 24 points damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 12 points of fire damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait a minute.
Tim Sackton: Don't have the
Tim Sackton: bowstring anymore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the bowstring can't be strung on the wayfarer's bow.
Tim Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, well, never mind.
Tim Sackton: I mean the lightning arrow is way better than the.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Firing. Okay.
Mike Sackton: But don't use the lightning air yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no, okay. So DC, 18 can't save.
Tim Sackton: Found.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome, so dazed.
Mike Sackton: What does that mean?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On its next turn. It can only move, take an action, or take a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: Taking Dilas bonus actions away is awesome, but he's not going to survive till his turn.
Tim Sackton: That is always turn as he as well as he stands. He looks and he's you can see as this arrow is sticking out of him. Bazaar Dawa stands up and is slightly laughing. As he moves his hands from the controls.
Tim Sackton: Great
Tim Sackton: kill me!
Tim Sackton: Do you really think this is the only defense that we've left.
Tim Sackton: The only trap.
Tim Sackton: The only way the city protects itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Kill me, and you'll never know where all the hidden dangers are.
Mike Sackton: Now, Dallas would
Mike Sackton: lying bastard. He's just making shit up.
Tim Sackton: Kenzel's out.
Tim Sackton: you can see around his neck there's this, there's a chain.
Tim Sackton: and there's a black piece of marble hanging on this chain with a drankorian rune
Tim Sackton: etched into it.
Tim Sackton: The rune
Tim Sackton: is.
Tim Sackton: I made up a word for this. It's it's the Drankorian word for return
Tim Sackton: fairly magical. If
Tim Sackton: the Bizarro Doppelganger is incapacitated, you can remove the token as an as an action.
Tim Sackton: automatically. If they're not incapacitated, it requires an action and a Dex. Slate of hand check against a 15 DC.
Mike Sackton: One question.
Mike Sackton: does that mean that if we
Mike Sackton: drain all their hit points we can. We have an opportunity to take the thing before they reform somewhere else.
Tim Sackton: Probably not.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So we have to not kill them.
Tim Sackton: Yes, but like gun incapacitates
Kate Sackton: Gratful.
Tim Sackton: Seeker that's not incapacitated. But the
Tim Sackton: the knockout sneak attack effect also, I think, incapacitates. There's various ways.
Mike Sackton: Sleep incapacitates if their hit points are low.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a spell that can.
Tim Sackton: Although if you're using the old sleep constructs are immune to it
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: Only if they're immune to exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: Also, Mike, look at your character sheet.
Mike Sackton: What about my character? Sheet.
Tim Sackton: You notice up where it says defenses.
Mike Sackton: Yes, of course, sleep won't work at dealt with. That is a good point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mike, what are your week saves again.
Mike Sackton: Strength.
Tim Sackton: But it's Kenzo's turn now. So, Kenzo, what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That strength and con.
Mike Sackton: Strength. Dexcon int. Are all bad wisdom and charisma don't target a doll with Christmases. He's very good at Christmases.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So is it useful for us to push him away from that thing? Or is it not.
Mike Sackton: I think our biggest concern is to take away his thing before we kill him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I mean, like the fact that we need to do. We physically want to push him away from that that control.
Mike Sackton: Couldn't hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: hey? That's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, then I'll use a fist of planar power
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: first.st
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that's a that's a strength.
Mike Sackton: Wait. You gotta move, though, so that Silmarak I'm dealt with can get out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I will. I'm gonna move after I.
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay, that fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that does 21 psychic damage. And I push him 30 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just push him away
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like 10 feet back. Yeah, not that far back.
Tim Sackton: Like there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's good, right? Right there, that's perfect.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I will move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Engage in melee.
Tim Sackton: Make a deck safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can use a second. I can use
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My second attack.
Tim Sackton: Make a deck save for Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why?
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll find out.
Tim Sackton: You'll find out.
Tim Sackton: Kong, are you?
Tim Sackton: It's conference.
Mike Sackton: Looks like. Oh, there he goes!
Eric Rosenbaum: We can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: We lost your audio.
Mike Sackton: 14 is what he rolled according to Cnd, beyond.
Tim Sackton: 14.
Tim Sackton: When you step here in the center of this circle.
Tim Sackton: A rope of fire wraps around your ankles and you are grappled.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't I get advantage on deck? Saves.
Tim Sackton: does it say you do on your character sheet?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do. Yeah, I've got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got. I just. I just read everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the boots of dextrosity! Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, I've got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you get advantage on deck. Saves. I think you're thinking of
Tim Sackton: You're thinking of evasion, which means, if you succeed on a deck, save you don't take any damage, but it doesn't. It doesn't change.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but can I use Wait. What? But what grappled me. Something grappled me.
Tim Sackton: A rope of fire from the floor, emerging from the circle of runes that you ran straight through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna use actually. Can you give me give me some heroic inspiration?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ow!
Mike Sackton: We all have heroic inspiration. As an aside.
Tim Sackton: Can reworld with.
Mike Sackton: So you can reroll, or or a secret could give you bardic inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Garter conspirations d. 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although, did that change again.
Tim Sackton: I think it's d 12 now.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is d 12. Now, all right, I'll tick off one of those one d. 12.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Sackton: So foul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that give me.
Mike Sackton: Now I had 2.
Tim Sackton: It was only a few.
Mike Sackton: 16.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inspiration? Or is that too late?
Tim Sackton: You can still use heroic inspiration. You keep the 2 on the bar deck.
Mike Sackton: Or you could use heroic inspiration to reroll the Bardic. I don't know which.
Tim Sackton: Or you could use heroic to rebuild the bar deck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no! I would reroll.
Tim Sackton: But your deck save is pretty high right? You must have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll reroll the decks in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'll reroll the ducks in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go, 19 plus 2, 21.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that succeeds. You don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Dodge away from the
Tim Sackton: flaming rope that emerged from the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or something really complicated happens while he.
Tim Sackton: You have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Need to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Using multiple forms of inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Dodge almost trip.
Tim Sackton: Then they still have one attack, plus your bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! But wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: But wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so okay, cool. Then I will now use my staff. Attack.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Did you roll your
Mike Sackton: oh, no! Fist of Planar power wouldn't have advantage.
Tim Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, I get this with this attack advantage. Well, 27 hits. But I guess I'll roll for down because I roll. Natural. 20. I do not. Okay. 27 hits. Right? Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that does 15 damage. And now 3 unarmed strikes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
Mike Sackton: All right. We all have advantage because of, because we'll be hit right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 does. 18, hit.
Tim Sackton: 18 does not have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck I missed. Wow! That sucks alright second attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24 hits right.
Tim Sackton: 24 does hit Yup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I rolled a 29, so that one does 9 damage, and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: last sack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22 hit.
Tim Sackton: as you are about to hit.
Tim Sackton: a shield of magical force springs up in front of Deal with locking your punch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This 27 hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I rolled a 22, and a 27.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we've been at the 27.th
Tim Sackton: Okay, you gotta tell me the higher role. You can't give me both roles at at a time.
Tim Sackton: so he does not cast shield. Then yes, 27 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the last one does 11.
Tim Sackton: Wait. Okay. 11 damage
Tim Sackton: so, Markham, that ends Kenza's turn. Yep.
Tim Sackton: some rackum dealt with is up.
Mike Sackton: Okay, 1, 2, 3,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Run around the thing. Don't.
Mike Sackton: I know, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not.
Mike Sackton: A little bit tricky to run around the thing.
Mike Sackton: because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 4 5 you went to my spot.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, that's that's sorry. I got confused. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's there's too many delegates.
Mike Sackton: Too many dealt with
Mike Sackton: that would work.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: So Tamachem Dulles is going to run around like that.
Mike Sackton: And then He
Mike Sackton: cast invisibility
Mike Sackton: and armor of Agatha, so he did not cast anything that gives him
Mike Sackton: bonuses. I don't think he's gonna cast any spells at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Instead, he is just going to attack.
Mike Sackton: So with advantage.
Mike Sackton: This 1st is a
Mike Sackton: someone deal with has a plus 11, a 27.
Tim Sackton: 27 hits.
Mike Sackton: So that does.
Tim Sackton: Seekers up seeker and.
Mike Sackton: Ted damn.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The next one is another, 27.
Mike Sackton: That does 11 damage
Mike Sackton: and then the next one he crits.
Mike Sackton: So, having credited, he's going to, I think.
Mike Sackton: man.
Mike Sackton: but the problem is we can't kill this guy like. Did he look bloodied.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: But he has like double hit points. We think.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, fine. I'll
Mike Sackton: I mean banishing. Isn't that useful? But I'll banishing smite anyway.
Mike Sackton: because it does 5 d. 10 damage doubled.
Eric Rosenbaum: That could be quite a lot.
Tim Sackton: So wait. So Malcolm, down with casting
Mike Sackton: Yes, he's gonna cast. He's gonna cast
Mike Sackton: banishing smite.
Tim Sackton: Con save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Spell with consafe. Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Or don't roll a con save just automatically. Don't cast the spell.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, no. I.
Mike Sackton: 18.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: the DC.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that would make it.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so he counter spells, but the counterspell fails.
Mike Sackton: So I do, which burns one of his slots. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's cause I'm gonna try to incapacitate.
Mike Sackton: Dean.
Eric Rosenbaum: With a spell.
Mike Sackton: 15 plus
Mike Sackton: I should not be rolling. The real dice.
Mike Sackton: 15 plus 9 is 24, plus
Mike Sackton: 30, 33,
Mike Sackton: 36
Mike Sackton: lost.
Mike Sackton: 46, 56,
Mike Sackton: 58,
Mike Sackton: 64 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: okay, and that's
Tim Sackton: wait. Hold on!
Tim Sackton: How much did you say? 64.
Mike Sackton: 64 points of damage
Mike Sackton: with its shimmering? Does it reduce him below 50 hit points.
Tim Sackton: It does.
Mike Sackton: So he has to make a charisma saving throw.
Tim Sackton: 17.
Mike Sackton: He makes it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he would have gotten paid.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no! 17. He fails.
Tim Sackton: So he vanishes.
Mike Sackton: He vanishes for the for the next. Well, you can end the spell.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's until the spell adds right? Right?
Mike Sackton: So he vanishes. Okay?
Mike Sackton: So Makrim dealt with turns to everybody and says.
Mike Sackton: Okay, should I bring him back? You guys want to get ready? What's next?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's investigate how these crystals work and see.
Mike Sackton: We have.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: We have 1 min before he reappears.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, that's amazing!
Eric Rosenbaum: And reappear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Isn't exactly the same spot.
Mike Sackton: Same spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Seeker's going to quickly investigate the crystal controls without stepping in
Eric Rosenbaum: the fire trap.
Mike Sackton: He has.
Tim Sackton: Incompatible.
Mike Sackton: Acidated well in the demi plane.
Tim Sackton: Yes, make a arcana check.
Mike Sackton: Guys. Sorry I'll be right back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here
Eric Rosenbaum: a normal check.
Eric Rosenbaum: 23.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We rolled really badly.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is.
Tim Sackton: it seems, fairly complicated.
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch of. So it's there's basically this, this like circle that dealt with was bizarre dealt with, was sitting in the middle of.
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: and then there's like, so there's this runic circle. And then there's like a bunch of sort of smaller circles of of sort of
Tim Sackton: Each one that sort of has glowing bluish or reddish runes around it.
Tim Sackton: you can sort of you get a vague sense like this is somehow involved in controlling or powering the
Tim Sackton: lightning tower. I mean, in 6 seconds. You can't like figure out how to operate it. It's clear that.
Tim Sackton: but it's clear that this is complicated. There's not just like an on button and an off button.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker's motivated to try something he
Eric Rosenbaum: realizes. If I had put on my goggles I would have had advantage on that role, but I just forgot to. He puts on his goggles. Is there something else I can? I can't presumably do the same check again with the goggles, but I could like. Look at the
Eric Rosenbaum: crystal.
Tim Sackton: Remember, we're still in initiative order for the moment. So that's basically seekers term.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Go with and get to do something next.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: Delif doesn't. Oh, no, he did lose. Invisible visibility went down because vanishing spites come almost the concentration.
Mike Sackton: I was like we should hold on to our invisibility. But
Kate Sackton: Wait
Kate Sackton: your invisibility or the other one's invisibility.
Mike Sackton: So deal with is glowing with a faint moonlight glow, and does Mega extra damage with his sword? That lasts for 10 min?
Mike Sackton: Right? So we hopefully will get to the rest of our
Mike Sackton: doppelgangers in the next 9 min, so that that spell stays up.
Mike Sackton: That's Delwith's concentration. Deal with some lacrum cast invisibility.
Mike Sackton: but banishing smite is also concentration.
Kate Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Doing 10 d. 10 damage seemed worth dropping the invisibility. Okay, got it.
Mike Sackton: So the invisibility dropped.
Mike Sackton: So we're all now visible.
Mike Sackton: deal with is going to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess. Just circle around
Mike Sackton: to like set up next to where deal with will come. Someone from Delwith will come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh! Can I move the ladder and the construct also?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they can't step anywhere in the circle.
Mike Sackton: We don't think.
Tim Sackton: Inside the inner blue circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so the ladder could go there, or something.
Tim Sackton: Ladder could go there. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What a party they're having! Oh, and then do these.
Kate Sackton: I need to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Provide cover.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I like bravely? Go there.
Tim Sackton: Yes, they would provide cover.
Mike Sackton: Need a plan for stealing the thing.
Kate Sackton: Yeah,
Kate Sackton: I mean, I guess I don't need to.
Kate Sackton: If I were in la, I could be one of the people possibly grabbing at the thing.
Tim Sackton: You would be there or there.
Tim Sackton: This is. This is bizarre to dealt with.
Kate Sackton: I know. I guess I can get there in 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: And you could take 2 moves. Cause, what are you going to do? You're not nobody to attack.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Now, yeah.
Kate Sackton: He said something about still burning our order. Things.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, yes, but
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: you don't. You can use your action to to move
Mike Sackton: right? Because you're not going to use your action to attack.
Tim Sackton: So. So Darwyth is just moving. Rizwin is moving.
Tim Sackton: Okay? I mean.
Mike Sackton: Can we do with just a regular sword? You can also do? Can I do non-lethal damage with a regular sword attack?
Tim Sackton: Can you have no idea what happens if they drop to 0? Hip.
Mike Sackton: They might not have, I see.
Mike Sackton: Got it!
Tim Sackton: Mean they're magical constructs.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, right, they they might correct.
Kate Sackton: So the seeker has an actual, incapacitating action.
Kate Sackton: Is he the only one who has an incapacitating action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Eric Rosenbaum: The psychic disruption spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: which is an int. Save.
Mike Sackton: Wow in save Beloth is
Mike Sackton: really bad at insays.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, yeah, that was my
Eric Rosenbaum: strategy.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so do you. Wanna prepare the spell. I mean, you could take your action
Mike Sackton: to prepare to cast a spell as soon as
Mike Sackton: deal with appears
Mike Sackton: from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and the ladder and the construct could also both attempt to grapple right? Or does that not matter?
Kate Sackton: Grappling doesn't matter, Tim said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: And also dealt with will just Missy step out of apples.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. So so yeah, I'll prepare my psychic disruption spell at 4th Level.
Mike Sackton: And then, if he counterspells
Mike Sackton: the, we could do a chain of counter spells, and somebody could counterspell his counters, spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember that movie with the trace Buster.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so just to be clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've moved.
Tim Sackton: We've moved past. So everybody's repositioning. We've moved past.
Tim Sackton: Darwyth and Rizwyn were back to the top of the round.
Tim Sackton: and you're preparing to do what.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: some rack room dealt with this round. We're also gonna
Mike Sackton: not
Mike Sackton: so. The idea is that
Mike Sackton: well, I guess, is dropping concentration. Is that even an action.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: So some Rackham dealt with could drop concentration. Not on his turn, or does he have to wait for his turn.
Tim Sackton: Does not have to be honest.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: the idea here would be that everybody prepares actions
Mike Sackton: for what they want to do when concentration is dropped, and then we will drop concentration at the end of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then those prepared actions just trigger simultaneously, effectively.
Tim Sackton: Be prepared. So keep in mind ready actions. Take your reaction.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So if everybody does a readied action, nobody has a reaction for counterspell.
Mike Sackton: Well, but neither dealt with has any useful reaction.
Mike Sackton: The Delhis are not preparing any.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell us
Eric Rosenbaum: good.
Kate Sackton: The Delves are preparing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Twins.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have like 4 or 5 rounds here. Is there enough time to go over and check that trapdoor and see what the situation is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, do that?
Mike Sackton: We have. Yeah, we have 10 rounds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damn!
Tim Sackton: You've got 9 rounds left. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. I'm gonna go over here and investigate trapdoor while they're prepping their spells.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And
Tim Sackton: so it drops about
Tim Sackton: beyond the range of your dark vision into darkness. But there's vines growing up the wall. Wait, you're going all the way over there. Make a.
Mike Sackton: Are going to attack you.
Tim Sackton: Dexter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And see it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm probably flying, though
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm happy to make a deck save and then fly.
Tim Sackton: The vines grapple, you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. I spend a round ungrappling myself.
Tim Sackton: Wait
Tim Sackton: you take 7
Tim Sackton: 11 points of piercing damage, and you are restrained.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. Can I? Uncanny dodge? Then.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a saving throw.
Mike Sackton: But it's a deck safe.
Tim Sackton: It was a dexa. Oh, so you take half damage because it's a dexter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So what is that? 6?
Tim Sackton: About 6 points of damage, 5 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: How do you get out of
Tim Sackton: you? Can
Tim Sackton: you don't have an ability that automatically gets you on grapples right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but I have advantage on acrobatics checks to ungrate so.
Tim Sackton: So that's that was one round. Well, be taken. Just roll your advantage. Yeah, you break. You escape.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the vines grab you if you come too close. Just yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I saw that. Saw that. Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Up on that one.
Kate Sackton: Jocker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'll move back over here and hide.
Tim Sackton: Hide behind the
Tim Sackton: the pillar.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How are you?
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead and make a self check.
Mike Sackton: Woof!
Tim Sackton: What's up, Mike? Are you there? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I was we. Oh, never mind, let's just fit into this first.st
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: another round passes as Welby recovers, after having been grappled by thorny vines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sneaker investigates the crystal.
Mike Sackton: Hold on. Well, okay, well, Welby's doing this. You could investigate, but I think we should get a move on here. We have spells that deal with has a bunch of spells that only last for 10 min. I want to get to the rest of our fight. What are those.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay. Okay.
Tim Sackton: The okay. Make an arcana check on the crystal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, can I? If I put on my goggles? I do have advantage. Right? Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just forgot about that. Okay.
Tim Sackton: So this is, I mean, this is.
Eric Rosenbaum: 26.
Tim Sackton: Like these clearly are where the lightning is being channeled from, like these are pillars that go up the ceiling. And then there's like a big
Tim Sackton: ends at the top.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing
Tim Sackton: like it, doesn't. This isn't like some fancy gem or something like that. It looks like it's just
Tim Sackton: maybe crystal
Tim Sackton: or even class.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: you know, shaped in such a way that clearly it's channeling lightning energy. It seems to.
Tim Sackton: It's set into the floor. You can't. I mean it, doesn't. It clearly goes down some
Tim Sackton: extend.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a gigantic magical battery downstairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: right, or something.
Kate Sackton: Lightning battery? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey!
Tim Sackton: So who's writing actions?
Eric Rosenbaum: I am readying rune of psychic disruption at 4th Level.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I in range for that, though?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's wait.
Tim Sackton: Change.
Eric Rosenbaum: 130 feet.
Mike Sackton: So you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Both dealt withs are
Mike Sackton: not readying actions, but are saving the reactions to potentially counterspell if needed.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby's keeping an eye out to everything. I'm covering the doors, the exits, the everything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm I'm expecting more to come.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something, something else is going to happen here.
Kate Sackton: Krista was ready to just
Kate Sackton: pound on this guy and grab his thing as soon as he's a
Kate Sackton: incapacitated, or whatever the correct word is.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: Actually.
Mike Sackton: can you, if you ready an action? And then the trigger doesn't happen. Can you abandon your ready to action?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: So dealt with is actually going to ready an attack as soon as somebody takes the thing off him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So if it works and the rune goes and Risbane jumps
Mike Sackton: right, then dealt with is going to stop him.
Mike Sackton: But if the rune doesn't work. Then
Mike Sackton: t. 1.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else.
Tim Sackton: Kong. We can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wrong is. Oh, you're right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza is all like dexterous and acrobatic and stuff. Would it be easier for me to try and go and grab it.
Mike Sackton: You should try and grab it, even if he resists the route of psychic disruption.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, right?
Mike Sackton: Actually, both of you may as well make an attempt right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: in whatever order our order is in. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, everybody's readying actions, because the concentration is going to end at the end of the round, and then everybody uses the reactions, and then we get back to the top of initiative.
Mike Sackton: So we're gonna so then people's turns will start coming and they start getting the reactions back.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you, I mean, I,
Tim Sackton: right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: That I,
Mike Sackton: if you want to say it, has to be on some Rackham Deli's turn that we drop it. That's fine, too.
Tim Sackton: I think, because, like the turn order is a bit abstract. At this point, you're like just standing around waiting for something to happen. It's just easier to make it on some ackamdella. Yeah, fine.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: On some rock of Dua's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh!
Mike Sackton: He will drop concentration.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so everybody's ready.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Concentration drops
Tim Sackton: bazaar dealt with, appears again, and looks
Tim Sackton: kind of smiling slightly at you all as he returns.
Tim Sackton: holding his sword sword up.
Tim Sackton: That was fun.
Tim Sackton: Did you like my traps?
Tim Sackton: And then a flurry of actions goes off. So Sneaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God!
Tim Sackton: Make a constitution saving, throw.
Mike Sackton: Is he catch spelling.
Tim Sackton: Subtle spell counterspell nothing you can do.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I spelled.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait a con saving throw. So you said, Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Good concept, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is this. Is this a concentration check.
Tim Sackton: Not a concentration chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Click, cancel.
Mike Sackton: Didn't make an 18. That's not super easy. Oh, you did, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Mike Sackton: You rolled a 20.
Tim Sackton: Nice to do that.
Mike Sackton: So his 2 attempts at counterspelling have both failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lucky.
Tim Sackton: See, aren't you glad we're playing with the new rules?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: One of those bells would have worked under the old rules.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
Mike Sackton: That'll spell counterspell. That's clever.
Mike Sackton: I should do more subtle spell spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A subtle spell.
Mike Sackton: It means you don't know he's casting it. Subtle spell is a feature deal with has that he can use to cast a spell like undetectably, but I've never used it.
Tim Sackton: So it's an int safe.
Mike Sackton: Int save yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, for rune of psychic disruption! Yes.
Tim Sackton: Using, heroic inspiration.
Mike Sackton: He gets her orchestration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: He's got your cook feet. He's made.
Mike Sackton: Now I guess my cook feet I technically took at the beginning of my career.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay. Fair. Enough.
Tim Sackton: That is an 18.
Mike Sackton: That's the DC, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: DC. 18.
Tim Sackton: Oh! He succeeds!
Eric Rosenbaum: So he takes half of
Eric Rosenbaum: half damage.
Mike Sackton: You gotta be careful about how much damage we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean at this point I can't control it, but it's
Eric Rosenbaum: half of 76,
Eric Rosenbaum: whatever that works out to 3D. 6, I guess.
Tim Sackton: All 77.
Mike Sackton: Died.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: so it's half of 22. So 11.
Tim Sackton: Okay, what else is Kenzo? And.
Mike Sackton: Keslow and Briswyn are both trying to grab the thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Makes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, wait! Wait! Can the ladder and the construct attempt to steal the
Eric Rosenbaum: token?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, the latter doesn't really have hands.
Tim Sackton: The latter. No, the construct can. It's a dex check. I don't know if Dax is any good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Constructs and decks of 10.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus 0. So what do I roll? Just a d 20.
Mike Sackton: A detour.
Tim Sackton: Everybody who's attempting to steal the thing, roll a dex check.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Kong and Riswin. You're more of our hope, but also we'll roll back into I mean, once all these go off can take his turn.
Mike Sackton: Yes, right, that's what, and we'll pick up from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. Can the construct also use stony lethargy. When a creature the construct can see starts its turn within 10 feet.
Tim Sackton: It can, although nobody started their turn within 10 feet of it, yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see! So when the when Bizarro Dale, with starts its turn, the construct.
Tim Sackton: Why did you roll for a slate of hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sleight of hand. I haven't rolled anything yet. Hold on!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's only slight of slight, of fantasy. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roll. Oh, man, I roll a 7.
Tim Sackton: Nobody manages to grab
Tim Sackton: the amulet.
Mike Sackton: Riswyn also failed.
Kate Sackton: 5, 14.
Tim Sackton: And that returns to some Rackum Dawes turn.
Mike Sackton: All right. Awesome. Whackland.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Isn't Welby ahead of simulacrum in the initiative order.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: In, my.
Tim Sackton: We're just saying the.
Mike Sackton: That's all that.
Tim Sackton: Want to ready an action. You can.
Mike Sackton: The drop of the concentration of the spell was taking place on some Wacom Doa's turn.
Mike Sackton: But you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Confused between simulacrum and Bizarro.
Tim Sackton: Bizarre dealt with us, not.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's there's only 3.
Mike Sackton: Because our deal with has actually never taken a turn.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Never mind onwards.
Mike Sackton: Get ready in action to like. Do a
Mike Sackton: arrow strike can suck all of your d. 6 s. Into trying to daze him, or something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah. And or I can run over and try and grab it. But that can wait for my turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Simakam, deal with what is Simakram dealt with doing? Seeker is next.
Mike Sackton: Rackwood dealt with is going to try to grab
Mike Sackton: the thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Slay her hand.
Mike Sackton: Oh, 2221
Mike Sackton: er all the 19.
Tim Sackton: Samraham dealt, reaches out, and
Tim Sackton: bizarre, dealt with, looks at, smack of, dealt with
Tim Sackton: in horror as the 2 Taoists.
Tim Sackton: It's.
Mike Sackton: Totally the spider-man. Scene
Mike Sackton: oops!
Tim Sackton: Some Rackham dealt with. Now, having this amulet in his hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: So seeker you're up.
Tim Sackton: Well, he gets.
Mike Sackton: Move and bonus action if he wants right.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can still move them down this.
Mike Sackton: I don't think there's anything that useful to do
Mike Sackton: with either of those things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Step away so that the amulet is far away, so it can't be stolen back.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to get an attack of opportunity against him, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah. Okay. So the.
Mike Sackton: Like, yeah, I think he'll just.
Kate Sackton: Sticking in a deep pocket.
Tim Sackton: No, he uses reaction. He doesn't have any. He doesn't.
Mike Sackton: That's true. Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. Okay. So Markham dealt with will retreat
Mike Sackton: behind the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: At this point we want to knock him out right.
Mike Sackton: No, just kill them. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: we just want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do, is.
Mike Sackton: Damage as we can. At this
Mike Sackton: wait, who
Mike Sackton: did dealt with?
Mike Sackton: Didn't Simak from Delwith go before Delwith.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And then downeth in that order.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Fine.
Tim Sackton: And then rizwin, and then back to Welby and Kinzo right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I wasn't thinking about doing a lot of damage personally.
Mike Sackton: Wouldn't. He has to have under 40 hit points. I wouldn't.
Mike Sackton: and he has no reaction, and rizwin and regular dealt with don't burn slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, all right, all right, so I'll just have the latter do.
Mike Sackton: Ladder, and the Golem should both pound on him right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the latter has a single attack. It's just my spell attack right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the latter.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hits with a 19
Eric Rosenbaum: keep having to switch tabs here, so that attack
Eric Rosenbaum: is for
Eric Rosenbaum: one d. 10 plus
Eric Rosenbaum: PBI forget what that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that right.
Eric Rosenbaum: anyway?
Mike Sackton: 5, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Monday, 10 plus 5. So
Eric Rosenbaum: that's 7.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the construct gets 2 attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: and its attacks are
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, how do I do them?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you know, Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: what do I roll for the construct to attack.
Tim Sackton: It should say on the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your spell attack modifier to hit reach 5 feet one d. 8 plus 8. So I just use the spell attack again twice
Eric Rosenbaum: one.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a crit, I guess.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then that's 2D.
Mike Sackton: 28 plus 8.
Tim Sackton: That one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's that 1 16, and then it gets one more.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 16.
Tim Sackton: 16 misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything else seekers should do? Not really, I guess.
Tim Sackton: So darwest and Riswyn.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So I mean this guy, he can't have more than
Mike Sackton: you can't have more than 25 hit points left.
Mike Sackton: because he had to have less than 50 when he was banished. So deal with makes 3 attacks. I assume a
Mike Sackton: 17 misses.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: I already rolled it all, but I assume, with 29 hits.
Mike Sackton: So dealt with does 13, rd 20 does 25 points of damage, 2 misses, one hit.
Tim Sackton: As darwest
Tim Sackton: swings at Bazaar. Dahweh.
Tim Sackton: with some lackum dealt with.
Tim Sackton: holding the end.
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: As your slow hits.
Tim Sackton: some Rackham Taoists or bizarre taoists, body begins to disintegrate from the legs up, turning into this fine
Tim Sackton: powdery white dust. And there's just this lingering.
Mike Sackton: Don't get immediately back away from the powdery white dust, but away like over there, not towards the vines.
Tim Sackton: Smile on his face.
Tim Sackton: as, like
Tim Sackton: all of his body except his head, is vanishing, and he just says
Tim Sackton: you're in for a treat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Nice of you to leave your
Tim Sackton: base undefended, and open for teleportation.
Mike Sackton: Uldrick is in the psychic link with us. Has anything? Has he said anything.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. They can't steal the skyship. Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: He vanishes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Folderick.
Eric Rosenbaum: You check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And Falderick.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what's up?
Tim Sackton: It's kind of creepy over here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: M.
Mike Sackton: Okay, time's ticking. So I wanted to ask this earlier, but I didn't want to distract from this combat.
Mike Sackton: I scryed
Mike Sackton: the group of 3. So I scryed, dealt with, and I scryed the group.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: where are the group of 3? Where were the group of 3 compared to
Mike Sackton: To compare to where we are right now.
Tim Sackton: so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what's this.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: 50 feet. I think.
Mike Sackton: Did you mean to switch to this map? This looks like the Docs battle map.
Tim Sackton: That's what I'm switching to.
Mike Sackton: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: I don't know why it's blurry. Maybe it's just.
Mike Sackton: No, it's it looks, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So about 50 feet to the right off of this battle map is where the tower is.
Tim Sackton: and the ones that you saw were standing. Sort of
Tim Sackton: here, ish.
Mike Sackton: And that was everybody but Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Everybody but but Welby. So that's this is like a hundred. And this is a very big battle. It's like, say, like 200 feet along the ground
Tim Sackton: 200 feet up. So that's
Tim Sackton: what is that? 400 feet diagonal? I'm just making up a number.
Mike Sackton: Our vines takes a long time to cast.
Tim Sackton: Everyone takes 10 min to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I know
Mike Sackton: So it's but it's within 500 feet. And I mean, I assume I'm well enough oriented that I could dimension door 2 things.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can see it from here. You can see the the slight.
Mike Sackton: Can we? Actually? So are there people there?
Mike Sackton: You're saying we can see down. Or I was envisioning it. We were in the middle of the tower. We couldn't actually see out to see.
Tim Sackton: Well, you.
Kate Sackton: Can we dump outside.
Tim Sackton: Onto the railing onto the out outer. Remember, in the.
Kate Sackton: Your catwalk.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I'm just. I'm wondering if we should even
Mike Sackton: so really quick, quick, telepathic thought, one idea. We dimension door
Mike Sackton: 4 of us, and somebody flies
Mike Sackton: straight to where we think they are, and just
Mike Sackton: follow up the attack immediately.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's the distance to them from the edge of the tower where.
Mike Sackton: 120 feet, so Welby Flying could probably get in Bow range
Mike Sackton: just by running.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should try the lightning first.st
Tim Sackton: You're like 400 feet.
Tim Sackton: You're 200 feet up.
Mike Sackton: And like.
Tim Sackton: And 200 feet over. So that's like a.
Mike Sackton: 3.
Tim Sackton: It's like
Tim Sackton: 8 square root of 8.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Like 3, say 300 feet on a straight line
Tim Sackton: from where you are to.
Mike Sackton: So I mean it might take well be a little bit of time to get there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I have 3, 20 range on that short bow. I can just.
Mike Sackton: Just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Walk to the edge and start shooting
Tim Sackton: So that's 300. So that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put you a little.
Tim Sackton: Bit vulnerable, because that's like 300 to the edge.
Tim Sackton: So if anybody's on the far right side of the bottle map, they'd be out of your range.
Mike Sackton: But you can fly 60. I mean, you could just go in the air. In that case.
Mike Sackton: I just I think
Mike Sackton: the quicker we just keep moving the better like they might have already teleported to the ship. But in that case
Mike Sackton: we just
Mike Sackton: teleport to the ship, using your 8th level slot. That's our backup plan.
Mike Sackton: and then our trap for them worked, and they're fighting us on the ship, and Faldrick pounds them into dust with the icicle turrets. Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But also, maybe the whole thing about going to the ship was itself a trap to try and draw us back to the ship to.
Mike Sackton: Yes, exactly. So. Let's just move. Yeah. I really think our best option is, oh, actually
Mike Sackton: fake Deleth. Can dimension Dork, too.
Mike Sackton: So we could dimension. We could cast 3 dimension doors.
Mike Sackton: but I don't think there's any need. Oh, no, that would be. If your constructs want to come with us.
Mike Sackton: we would.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter can fly, but the stone construct cannot.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. So so ladder flies, all 3 of us cast dimension dwarf dealt with
Mike Sackton: so acrum dealt with and seeker, each taking a buddy.
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go!
Mike Sackton: That gets 6 of us.
Mike Sackton: I would just do it. I'd do it right now.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so wait. We're we're not gonna try pressing buttons to see if lightning comes out. We don't have time.
Kate Sackton: Move.
Mike Sackton: Move, move, move, before they kill us.
Mike Sackton: follow up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really, we really want to press buttons. But, okay.
Mike Sackton: Come back!
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so let me tick off a dimension door
Eric Rosenbaum: levels that, okay? So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait
Eric Rosenbaum: yes.
Tim Sackton: Schwartz Welbi will be
Tim Sackton: I'm going to put you on the edge of the map.
Tim Sackton: and I'm just gonna say
Tim Sackton: oops
Tim Sackton: for simplicity, I think, from let me just
Tim Sackton: just add. So that's you're like you're marked as like a hundred feet away. But you'd actually be 300 feet away, so add 200 feet to any distance.
Tim Sackton: Great
Tim Sackton: for measuring, you know this is like a.
Mike Sackton: I didn't realize how tiny this.
Mike Sackton: okay, what are these things.
Tim Sackton: So let's as you dimension door, in which? Where are you? Dimension dooring in.
Mike Sackton: I mean like
Mike Sackton: there, I don't know. Just somewhere in the middle.
Mike Sackton: I don't think there's any. This is the evil ladder, isn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's dark ladder.
Mike Sackton: That's dark ladder.
Mike Sackton: and that's dark. Gollum.
Mike Sackton: That's some sort of rizwin dark summon.
Eric Rosenbaum: That means there's invisibility happening.
Mike Sackton: I can see invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: That doesn'.
Mike Sackton: The side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Invisible seeker is somewhere around.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are these like weird statues? Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So all you see at the moment
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: where, when you show up. So this is a huge battle map. Let's see. So everybody's I'm putting everybody on.
Tim Sackton: I'm on the wrong layer here. Token layer so you got to show up in
Tim Sackton: in pairs, and this is a little complicated, because, as you.
Tim Sackton: we better actually roll initiative.
Tim Sackton: because when you, when the.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're willing.
Tim Sackton: Shows up.
Tim Sackton: The people who are there are going to have a chance to do stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I mean they can't have been holding an action for.
Tim Sackton: No, no, that's right, because you can all just time it. So you all show up exactly the same time. So yeah, let me add all of the
Tim Sackton: crazy things that you carry with you. Everywhere you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the latter gonna make it in time, though, because the latter's got to fly separately
Eric Rosenbaum: with its.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30.
Mike Sackton: Ladder could go first.st
Tim Sackton: Ladder is not gonna the ladder is going to be the ladder's. I mean, it can dash so it can go 60.
Tim Sackton: But that's still 5 turns, so unless you want the ladder to be flying across for
Tim Sackton: 30 seconds before you do anything which you could.
Tim Sackton: there's no reason you can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Advance guard. So the.
Tim Sackton: Like slowly flies across the battlefield.
Mike Sackton: We send the latter as advance guard that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean you.
Tim Sackton: It's not gonna make it into the fight. If you don't send it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Going straight for dark ladder.
Tim Sackton: Who am I missing.
Mike Sackton: The morachram dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: And secrets. I don't see secret.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay, so pair up.
Tim Sackton: everybody pick a pair. A person that you're pairing with.
Tim Sackton: You're sending the ladder in advance.
Mike Sackton: I think that's probably okay to give the latter 4 turns to fly, and then dimension door in.
Tim Sackton: So we're going to start the ladder like there.
Tim Sackton: Dolby Welby is standing on the
Tim Sackton: the roof of the the
Tim Sackton: outside of the.
Mike Sackton: Reswyn, you're some rock. Who's Buddy?
Kate Sackton: But I was trying to get him.
Mike Sackton: Your regular dealt with Buddy.
Tim Sackton: And secret.
Mike Sackton: Your Golem buddy, but we can. We can go. We don't have to go where we put ourselves right. We could go anywhere.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you just have to be
Tim Sackton: adjacent to your buddy.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are these rings.
Eric Rosenbaum: columns.
Tim Sackton: Doubt.
Tim Sackton: Here's what you see.
Tim Sackton: There are 2. There's some buildings, there's 2 stone fountains, there's 2 large piles of rubble.
Tim Sackton: one here.
Tim Sackton: There's some trees growing. These are buildings. This is a statue.
Tim Sackton: There's docks out here. You do not
Tim Sackton: currently see any. These walls on these buildings are
Tim Sackton: about 10 feet high. There's no roofs, but the wall walls are intact.
Tim Sackton: You currently do not. I'm just gonna get everybody's all the Bizarro tokens out
Tim Sackton: Bizarro, seeker, Bizarro, Rizwin, Bizarro, Welby.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Kenzo. I've got Bizarro ladder.
Tim Sackton: However, you only see
Tim Sackton: you don't currently see anybody
Tim Sackton: other than
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: strange, dark angel who's
Tim Sackton: flying about 80 feet up in the air.
Tim Sackton: That's this.
Eric Rosenbaum: What
Eric Rosenbaum: when you say? Wait! I missed this. Where's that?
Tim Sackton: Sorry this right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Heck! Is that.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: fiery metal, Golem
Tim Sackton: and dark ladder.
Tim Sackton: the fiery metal, Golem and the dark ladder standing next to each other on the ground.
Tim Sackton: I'm the Angel, flying about 80 feet up in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: let's roll initiative.
Kate Sackton: Did a creepy spirit, guardian.
Tim Sackton: It's summon celestial.
Mike Sackton: I was going to say, can't you sum.
Kate Sackton: That was my other guess, but I was hoping it wasn't that.
Mike Sackton: Don't you summon a celestial to go fight your summon Celestial and keep it busy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Yes, yes, I just.
Tim Sackton: I can get rid of bizarre Delhi. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with is 17 and 16 higher. One is real dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Our best strategy here, by the way, is going to be to gang up, I think, or maybe split into 2.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's see. 3, rd sorry. Welby is 15.
Tim Sackton: What is
Tim Sackton: what is some Rackham dealt with.
Mike Sackton: 16.
Tim Sackton: What is Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21.
Tim Sackton: What is riswin? 13.
Kate Sackton: In.
Tim Sackton: What is seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: 22.
Tim Sackton: Look at you! Go seeker
Tim Sackton: any swaps.
Mike Sackton: Only Kenzo and.
Tim Sackton: Enzo and Welbi can swap with.
Mike Sackton: Anybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can help you go first.st Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I should not go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go first.st
Tim Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But with.
Tim Sackton: Well be swaps with seeker.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I gotta roll everybody here.
Mike Sackton: And Tim. Remember, I can see invisible
Mike Sackton: Fyi.
Tim Sackton: Yup. I remember that
Kate Sackton: You said it, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Speakers plus 2. Initiative is okay.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. This is just gonna take me a minute.
Tim Sackton: Penzo has advantage.
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: I kind of feel like the summons are not our biggest problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Mike Sackton: I mean the line.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Mike Sackton: Find out!
Eric Rosenbaum: Can have like 60 70 points, but.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but like.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I don't like.
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Mike Sackton: And take them out kind of like where
Mike Sackton: I mean they might be trying to soak us. Soak damage with summons they don't have dealt with, though.
Mike Sackton: is the like main
Mike Sackton: mean, seek.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: But neither of your summons are concentration right? So seeker can still cast stuff.
Tim Sackton: So I'm in contract is concentration.
Mike Sackton: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: 22 is Welby.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is not moving. So Kenzo stays at 21.
Tim Sackton: What was actual dealt with Mike.
Mike Sackton: 17.
Mike Sackton: What are rizwin and seeker spells? What spells are they going to cast at us?
Kate Sackton: Well, the conjure celestial has a 10 foot radius underneath it that does
Kate Sackton: no.
Tim Sackton: This is.
Kate Sackton: It was just.
Tim Sackton: Share it not. Come.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Okay, 1, 2, 3,
Tim Sackton: and seeker
Tim Sackton: I lost. Seeker is 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would?
Eric Rosenbaum: What is bizarro seeker, gonna use.
Mike Sackton: So this is the summon.
Mike Sackton: the celestial summons which is concentration.
Kate Sackton: What's the difference between? Summon a celestial and conjure a celestial.
Tim Sackton: There are different spells that do different things.
Tim Sackton: The conjurer summons a. The conjure spells summon like.
Mike Sackton: Words.
Tim Sackton: Friends.
Tim Sackton: The summons, celestial spirit summons
Tim Sackton: actual
Tim Sackton: hold on! Let me.
Kate Sackton: I'll look it up, but I've never cast that one, and it's not in my current set of prepared spells, so I'm having trouble. Looking it up.
Kate Sackton: I thought that it was
Kate Sackton: something that I had prepared. But it's something that
Kate Sackton: else.
Tim Sackton: It's too hard for me to keep up. Well, no, I'll do that. Never mind. Okay. Okay. So the very 1st
Tim Sackton: thing that happens
Tim Sackton: as you watch up here
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: Bizarro ladder.
Tim Sackton: It's our ladder
Tim Sackton: runs forward. Wait! Where's
Tim Sackton: my notes? So many complicated notes? Here.
Tim Sackton: okay, Bizarro ladder is gonna run
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: and the summon construct is going to run.
Tim Sackton: One.
Tim Sackton: 2, 3,
Tim Sackton: 5 is going to run there.
Tim Sackton: Actually, before that happens.
Tim Sackton: I'm going to leave the moves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! I'm.
Mike Sackton: Oh, there's no dealt with
Mike Sackton: again. Seeker and rosewind, you got to tell us what spells you guys are going to cast.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Rune of psychic disruption does not require line of sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can use the.
Tim Sackton: Now with hears the echoing sound of his name
Tim Sackton: in his head, and make an intelligent saving throw.
Mike Sackton: Which dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would vote that you can only target regular Delaware.
Tim Sackton: You can only target regular dough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chrome. One doesn't really.
Mike Sackton: Teen.
Tim Sackton: 18 succeeds.
Tim Sackton: So daweth takes
Tim Sackton: 11 points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: And then.
Tim Sackton: oh, my God! I gotta get all of these summons and constructs.
Eric Rosenbaum: It'll be ridiculous.
Mike Sackton: How long have they been sitting here holding an action.
Tim Sackton: They haven't been holding action.
Mike Sackton: Initiative.
Tim Sackton: They also have alert.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's true! They do have alert.
Tim Sackton: Oh, seeker didn't beat you initially.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And so, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And check
Tim Sackton: The construct is going to make
Tim Sackton: 2 attacks against
Tim Sackton: also daweth.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's a 22 for the first.st
Mike Sackton: I'll cast shield.
Tim Sackton: So that misses yep.
Tim Sackton: 28 for the second.
Mike Sackton: That hits.
Tim Sackton: So that's 11 points of damage and.
Mike Sackton: Takes 25,
Mike Sackton: one. Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Concentration, Sales.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you mean just for my smell.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It takes 20. I make the save. It takes 25 points of cold damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, how many head points does the summon construct? Have
Tim Sackton: 55. Okay, so
Tim Sackton: construct is looking a bit.
Tim Sackton: unhappy.
Tim Sackton: ladder.
Tim Sackton: Eric, you've got way too many things to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: ladder is going to make one attack also against Delwith.
Tim Sackton: That's a 18. That's gonna Miss.
Mike Sackton: Misses.
Tim Sackton: And that ends Bizarro's seeker's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oof.
Tim Sackton: Flying out of
Tim Sackton: the middle of this pile of rubble
Tim Sackton: an arrow
Tim Sackton: strikes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which file.
Tim Sackton: This pile of.
Mike Sackton: Year.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: One
Tim Sackton: an arrow strikes
Mike Sackton: Oh, who damaged me! The construct it has to make.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, never mind, I can't use my reaction twice.
Mike Sackton: Never mind. Sorry. Continue.
Tim Sackton: That's a 27 to hit seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Tim Sackton: And bigger things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Mike Sackton: 1 billion points. -Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! I'm going down.
Mike Sackton: From one shot.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: don't you have? Didn't you get aid?
Mike Sackton: Everybody should remember they have the bonus. Max hit points.
Tim Sackton: Speaker takes 20
Tim Sackton: 33 points of oh, wait! Oh, no, he doesn't have any of the good ones. He's too low level to have blind or dazed. Oh, well.
Tim Sackton: seeker takes 33 points of piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: you! You can't see where the arrow came from. It seems to have actually traveled directly through like 20 feet of rubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Out!
Mike Sackton: So we can't actually see.
Tim Sackton: You cannot see Bizarro
Tim Sackton: wellbeing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But we know Bizarro seekers over here. So.
Tim Sackton: No Bizarro seeker is. Well, you don't actually know where Bizarro Seeker is.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good point.
Mike Sackton: Because we don't know where the spell came from.
Tim Sackton: You just saw now.
Mike Sackton: But you could ruin of psychic disruption, Bizarro, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could I, though?
Eric Rosenbaum: Crazy.
Tim Sackton: And because you'd be targeting.
Mike Sackton: Yourself.
Tim Sackton: You can target.
Eric Rosenbaum: By name.
Mike Sackton: Okay? Well, do it on wellbeing. Do it on. Who has crappy instays.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I don't know if you can target. Well, anyway, it doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: Hour.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Welby, who are you aiming at?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I see Zara Welby from where I am.
Tim Sackton: You cannot see bizarre Wilde from you, where you are.
Tim Sackton: All you see is a pile of rubble that seems to go up 15 feet high.
Tim Sackton: The arrow seems to have come from the middle of a pile of rubble
Tim Sackton: like inside the pilot.
Tim Sackton: It flew through the rubble to hit.
Tim Sackton: If I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't think there's really a pile of rubble there, and it's an illusion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I do anything about that? Or.
Tim Sackton: That is a good question. Mike. Hallucinary terrain.
Mike Sackton: It's gone. Deloit's dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Spells don't I mean.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So it's not coming from. Yeah. Yeah, okay, I forgot about that.
Tim Sackton: So he's hiding behind. He's hiding behind real rubble that he's hiding behind a tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can see his token, too. Can we all see his token? Is that all?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Mean, the rule is.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, no, I'm running too many things here. So
Tim Sackton: okay. So the arrow came from behind the tree, not from behind the imaginary rubble
Tim Sackton: you.
Tim Sackton: I mean. In that case it should be.
Mike Sackton: Reception check versus hides check right, and shooting
Mike Sackton: sealed him.
Tim Sackton: Shooting revealed him. But he's going to bonus action. Hide
Tim Sackton: So that's a
Tim Sackton: 25.
Tim Sackton: What's your passive perception?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 23.
Tim Sackton: So you can't see him.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Enough.
Mike Sackton: Do you have the? Did you wait? Did anybody take the observant feet?
Mike Sackton: That's useful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think observant bumps, your passive.
Mike Sackton: No observant. Let's see bonus action.
Tim Sackton: It lets me boss actually search.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah, that's the one that I didn't take.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, who's the most useful for me to shoot for y'all.
Mike Sackton: But you can't see any of the useful people.
Mike Sackton: The most useful is anything except the summons. But.
Tim Sackton: I've got.
Mike Sackton: After the Golem. I guess it's half
Mike Sackton: half, dad. See if you can take it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, Golem. It is. Here goes!
Tim Sackton: That hits!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I assume it's immune to like poison.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Tim Sackton: No. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That kills the golem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice!
Tim Sackton: The fiery Golem that does damage every time you hit it with a melee attack is dead, with nobody having to hit it with a melee attack.
Mike Sackton: Very useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: How these things go nice shot.
Tim Sackton: And that ends Welby's turn. Kenzo is up.
Tim Sackton: Currently all you can see is the ladder. And this angel that's flying 80 feet in the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't like. Run into this rubble and try to find weldy.
Tim Sackton: While he's hiding behind the tree. The rubble, I forgot, disappeared when dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Died. You can. You could also run around behind a wall and look for people behind a wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: And dark ladder will get an opportunity attack.
Tim Sackton: Ladder will get an opportunity attack if you leave his reach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can. Still, if he attacks me, if the dark ladder attacks me, though I can still do the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can, I can do a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would it be useful for me to go and run, run, and try to engage with Welby in melee?
Mike Sackton: I mean engaging. Welby is useful because he's going to be super annoying if he just snipes at us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo is the best suited to engage him, because he can't get away from you. He could just get away from the rest of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I'm saying. Right? So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna go run. I'll take the top opportunity, attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that's my mood.
Mike Sackton: But he's hidden. We don't know where he is, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if I if I move.
Mike Sackton: If you come around the other side of the tree, presumably it's easier to see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am.
Tim Sackton: You can get yourself in a position where
Tim Sackton: he's not.
Tim Sackton: where he doesn't have cover from you. Then he's easy to see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I do the things you guys are doing, and see how many, how many feet.
Mike Sackton: You click on the little.
Mike Sackton: the the little square box that says measure, and then just drop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, there you go. Okay, there it is. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So I can go 50 feet easy. Yeah. So I'll go. I'll go. I'll go over the tree I'll spend like 50 move to get to the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna sorry. I'm just gonna put them where you can't see them, so you can
Tim Sackton: move your token. And I'll tell you if that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is. This is 50 over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The tree.
Tim Sackton: You don't see him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love this Kenzo, chasing Welby around again in a new form.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is a pretty big tree. This tree is like 15 feet across, and has got a bunch of like tangled roots, and Welby is only 3 feet tall.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fine.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could keep going around right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I dash for more? Moves?
Tim Sackton: Yep, you can bonus action, bonus action, dash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright cool. Yeah, I'm gonna do that. Then I'm gonna circle the tree.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'll 1st go. I'll oops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See.
Mike Sackton: Go to like here and then come around there, and if you see them punch them.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate Sackton: It.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll get like over here.
Tim Sackton: Still nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's that little guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over here.
Tim Sackton: Boom.
Tim Sackton: hiding in the nook of the tree where the trunk curves around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You little little dude? Okay, I will. I will engage him in melee.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Enzo versus Welby Rematch.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. So a bonus action. Dash right to get all that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could also get like
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizarro Kenzo versus Real. Well, be happening.
Mike Sackton: Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My 2 attacks right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. You still get your 2 attacks.
Mike Sackton: But you don't get your 3 other effects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that's fun.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if you can do anything like dazing. Oh, no, those are all are those, all bonus actions. Those are all bonus actions.
Tim Sackton: No, you can try and stun me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, I can't wait. Hold on!
Tim Sackton: Bobby doesn't have great concepts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I have advantage now or no?
Tim Sackton: You don't have advantage on Wellbe.
Tim Sackton: Wait.
Mike Sackton: Don't we all have advantage? Because Welby went first.st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, only on what?
Tim Sackton: Only on the person he hits.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: damn. Then I only know 13. So that's probably gonna miss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I get bardic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you can let me take one off.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's 2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice, 22.
Tim Sackton: That hits
Tim Sackton: nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? And then I'm gonna use what's your worst thing, Schwartz?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Charisma con or wisdom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Worst is con.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect. I will do a stunning strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: roll your damage first.st Tell me how much damage you did.
Mike Sackton: Because if you do stun him, grab the amulet right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, probably, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's all about the amulet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I do. 9 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Conseve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: DC. 16.
Tim Sackton: That's a 7.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then he is stunned.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We love that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will use my second attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then I'll do another 14 damage.
Tim Sackton: That one does have advantage because he's stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll roll again. Then, in case I get a crit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which I do not. Okay. So still, 27 and 14 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Another 14 damage on Bizarra, Welby
Tim Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: We are stunned.
Tim Sackton: Welby is stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Obvious, that.
Mike Sackton: Does this mean we? This means we should take the amulet right. Somebody's better do it. This.
Tim Sackton: Yes, does not require a check to take an amulet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Could I just have taken the ambulance of doing my second attack.
Tim Sackton: It takes an action to take the amulet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: As you're as you're punching him, though he sees you appear, and he turns and and he looks at you, and he smiles.
Tim Sackton: and as the 1st blow lands, and he sort of staggers back.
Mike Sackton: Tree is going to do something bad.
Tim Sackton: No
Tim Sackton: he says.
Tim Sackton: If I were you
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't leave enemies in my back.
Tim Sackton: Don't you actually want to go kill Fausto?
Tim Sackton: You know that powerful wizards can teleport too, don't you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My mouth keeps saying.
Tim Sackton: Give in to your temptations
Tim Sackton: that ends Kenz's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. What did he say?
Mike Sackton: He's trying to. I don't know. He wants us to like
Mike Sackton: worry that Fausto is going to
Mike Sackton: do something bad to the ship
Mike Sackton: or the seekers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Narrow seeker is going to teleport to the ship.
Mike Sackton: Hold on. I'm going to tell Faldrick.
Mike Sackton: Please constantly mumble and talk and be clear like.
Mike Sackton: Give us a running background.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm here. I'm here. I'm here.
Mike Sackton: Of everything that is going on on the ship.
Mike Sackton: be prepared for an attack, and constantly tell us what's going on.
Tim Sackton: Zaro Kenzo is gonna show run from behind the wall towards Simracum. Dealt with
Tim Sackton: 1st attack is a 20
Tim Sackton: 5.
Mike Sackton: Should he cast shields?
Mike Sackton: The samrakum dealt with also cast armor of Agatha intentionally to screw Kenzo, who gets 5 attacks, but doesn't do that much damage per attack.
Mike Sackton: He's not casting shield. It's fine.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a consafe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: 7. What did he send us.
Tim Sackton: Zaro Kenzo is stunned, I mean Bizarro Samrakim dealt with is stunned.
Mike Sackton: Do damage? Or is it just.
Tim Sackton: He also takes. Don't.
Mike Sackton: And Kenzo takes 25 damage.
Tim Sackton: I know. I know. He also takes
Mike Sackton: I should have shielded.
Tim Sackton: 10 points of
Tim Sackton: bludgeoning damage.
Tim Sackton: And then Bizarro Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: having been burned by the cold, is going to leave
Tim Sackton: some. Rackham dealt with stunned
Tim Sackton: and turned to Punch. Riswin.
Tim Sackton: That's a 27 to hit.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Tim Sackton: 23 for 3, rd tech.
Kate Sackton: Huh!
Tim Sackton: 29. What's your A/C.
Kate Sackton: 24.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: 3 attacks hit riswin.
Tim Sackton: That is
Tim Sackton: a total of
Tim Sackton: 1323,
Tim Sackton: 31 points of damage against Msman. And that ends
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Kenzo's turn. It is
Tim Sackton: regular down western.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo cannot be attacked like you just can't attack him with like you have these spells to like. Fuck up, Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You attack him with like anything, but not spells. They'll they'll direct the attacks back and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright good to know!
Mike Sackton: You can only do that once.
Tim Sackton: Can only do it once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Per turn.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It takes his reaction.
Tim Sackton: His reaction. So you can only do it once.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could cast a spell.
Mike Sackton: I don't have a lot of great single target spells, though.
Tim Sackton: But you've got 3 attacks. You can only deflect one.
Mike Sackton: What is the deflect? Well, it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you dimension door over and get the amulet off of Welby, Bizarro Welby.
Mike Sackton: He's stunned until the end of.
Tim Sackton: The start of Kenza's next turn.
Mike Sackton: I thought it was the end of Kenzo's next turn.
Tim Sackton: The start.
Eric Rosenbaum: So somebody's got to do it. Somebody else has got to do it.
Mike Sackton: Stunning strike. Rule stays stunned until the end of your next turn.
Tim Sackton: That's the old stunning stink.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So somebody has to do it before Kenzo's turn. I mean, that's very costly. Spell, slot wise. But I could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe maybe I should do that one. Then actually.
Kate Sackton: I also could possibly just make it there.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: How would you get there?
Kate Sackton: I would run 30 feet, and then tunnel through the ground 30 feet with my new belt of coolness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You, Major.
Mike Sackton: You could tunnel 1st and then run.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Mick!
Kate Sackton: Me!
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it.
Mike Sackton: I could mage hand it, but that oh, I could bonus action, mage hand
Mike Sackton: main chain is only 30 feet. Hold on! Hold on! I think Machin is only 30 feet, though. But hold on.
Tim Sackton: It's only 30.
Mike Sackton: But I could. I could move.
Mike Sackton: The latter would get an attack of opportunity, but I could just.
Tim Sackton: 12.
Mike Sackton: Happened.
Tim Sackton: Wait. You need to be able to see him. He has total cover from you right now.
Kate Sackton: Right, right.
Tim Sackton: All the way around. Like, there, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right right right. But I could move to there.
Mike Sackton: quicken a mage hand to bonus action, and then eldritch, strike, eldritch, blast, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Or cast a spell against Kenzu.
Mike Sackton: Right? I think that's my plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, multitasking.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Kate Sackton: Okay, go ahead.
Mike Sackton: Please
Mike Sackton: move to like there. I guess I need to be a little hold on. That was okay. So I need to move to like.
Tim Sackton: Oh, this! This is a wall! Sorry you can't run through the wall.
Mike Sackton: Oh, but where?
Mike Sackton: That's a wall. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's not that.
Tim Sackton: You can't. Actually, you probably can't really actually do that, because I can't.
Mike Sackton: I can't see.
Tim Sackton: You can't.
Kate Sackton: I can tunnel.
Mike Sackton: Riswyn's gonna have to tunnel you tunnel 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: If you tunnel 30.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you're gonna have to tunnel.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can move tunnel, move.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny.
Mike Sackton: Okay I am.
Mike Sackton: I think we should gang up on
Mike Sackton: on Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which one is dark. Kenzo, up here.
Mike Sackton: That's dark, Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Wait. I can move through an ally square, and it just takes
Mike Sackton: it. Just this double move.
Tim Sackton: And feet of movement. Yep.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So one. So it doesn't even get an act. I could just move to there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yup.
Mike Sackton: I will move to there, and then I will attack Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 1st attack is a 20.
Tim Sackton: That hits!
Mike Sackton: Owl.
Mike Sackton: I'm actually gonna bonus action
Mike Sackton: X Penza.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Does more damage make it harder for you to deflect it. Dong.
Tim Sackton: It does.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I'm rolling physical dice, and they all fell off.
Tim Sackton: Guy with his necks, but is stunned, and then seeker is.
Mike Sackton: 12.
Tim Sackton: Speaker, figure out.
Mike Sackton: Plus 5 is
Mike Sackton: sorry. This is taking a while.
Tim Sackton: 12 plus 5 is 17.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, I know, but it's sorry it's plus
Mike Sackton: It's plus 8 on top of it's 12, plus 10,
Mike Sackton: 2230.
Tim Sackton: 30. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Knocks your sword away, reducing the damage to 4.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that was 1st attack.
Mike Sackton: second attack.
Mike Sackton: I think I'm in a hurry.
Mike Sackton: No, that's probably not it.
Mike Sackton: A mess with the second attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 3rd attack is a 22.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: my!
Mike Sackton: Why not?
Mike Sackton: regular smite
Mike Sackton: that does
Mike Sackton: 1015,
Mike Sackton: 25 plus
Mike Sackton: what is smite again?
Mike Sackton: It's 1 d 8 plus one per level of the spell.
Tim Sackton: Just go ahead and tell me the damage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I'm working on it.
Tim Sackton: And seeker. You're next.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thinking about using slow against Bizarro Kenzo, because that would reduce him to one attack.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's a good idea, except
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm an idiot.
Mike Sackton: 50%.
Eric Rosenbaum: Points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, that's a concentration spell. Crap.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. 50 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And he's prone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice work!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's Bizarro's secret? There's Bizarro Brisbane, too, right.
Tim Sackton: You have not seen bizarre seeker or bizarre, is it? Yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that is not good.
Kate Sackton: But bizarre.
Mike Sackton: So that was like 80 something boards of damage. He's gotta be somewhat badly right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. He's gotta be.
Mike Sackton: How many hit points does Kenzo have like a hundred.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 100 and 3.
Mike Sackton: So if he has twice that, he'd not quite be at half.
Kate Sackton: But again, let's the incapacitating.
Kate Sackton: It's.
Mike Sackton: Who's up?
Mike Sackton: That's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Tim Sackton: Ben, where is my speaker?
Mike Sackton: Seeker folk keep on, keep on with, dealt with, I mean with Bizarro Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is Kenzo bad at wisdom?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm very good at wisdom
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or reasonably good, I would say.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about intelligence?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bad at intelligence.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I should try.
Mike Sackton: Psychic deception. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: On Kenzo. Yeah, all right. I cast rune of psychic disruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to use a
Eric Rosenbaum: 5th Level splot for that.
Tim Sackton: Arcenza will also use heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: is that an what is that? An int. Save.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Into 18.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: 16 that fails, so his is incapacitated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Until when.
Tim Sackton: The end of
Tim Sackton: the start of Seeker's next turn.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so we will have an opportunity to.
Mike Sackton: We'll have an opportunity to to grab.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: The stone
Eric Rosenbaum: construct will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Go after Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Can it get there?
Eric Rosenbaum: It hasn't.
Mike Sackton: This one. If its move is 25, it can get there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it has a 30 move, so it'll go up here.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it makes this.
Mike Sackton: He's stunned now, so it has advantage just I don't know. It should grab the amulet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's interesting!
Eric Rosenbaum: Can the stone construct, grab the amulet as its action.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, it does it?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the so that's that ends the construct's turn, presumably. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then the
Eric Rosenbaum: real ladder will.
Mike Sackton: Gold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have to.
Mike Sackton: Tangle with the fake ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And it all it can do is just dash to get there. Basically.
Tim Sackton: No as.
Eric Rosenbaum: Attack.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Kenzo is like incapacitated mumbling, but he he looks as
Tim Sackton: Kenza as this stone. Golem grabs the amulet he like, looks up groggily.
Tim Sackton: and starts laughing.
Tim Sackton: you know. Rai probably took the dagger when he fled.
Tim Sackton: Shouldn't you go chase after him?
Mike Sackton: They're like messing with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's not true.
Mike Sackton: No, none of it's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Kate Sackton: That even doesn't make sense in this timeline.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I think that's my turn.
Mike Sackton: That's ladder. Yeah. Okay.
Mike Sackton: who's next?
Kate Sackton: Me! Listen!
Mike Sackton: Unless one of the Bizarros goes.
Kate Sackton: No
Kate Sackton: true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not really.
Mike Sackton: One hasn't actually taken an action yet.
Tim Sackton: Riz comment. Have you.
Kate Sackton: Noticed that it's 1030, and
Kate Sackton: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come, come, take all these amulet.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: So this one
Kate Sackton: runs 30 feet, and then tunnels 30 feet and
Kate Sackton: pops up out of the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's pretty crazy.
Kate Sackton: I can cause a tremor when I come up, but I don't know if it does any damage.
Mike Sackton: Even if it just knocks him down, that would.
Kate Sackton: Make it. That's the thing, Tim, that you said was a typo. Make a some sort.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Paving the road.
Tim Sackton: I don't know that I didn't fix that. It's a it would be
Tim Sackton: 8 plus 5 plus your strength modifier, which is like plus 7, so it would be
Tim Sackton: a DC. 20. Strength saving throw would be knocked prone. But it would affect Kenzo
Tim Sackton: as well as bizarre well-being.
Kate Sackton: All right, and was there like an attack of opportunity when I started running from.
Mike Sackton: No bizarre kinds of stuff.
Tim Sackton: Because our Kenza is completely like.
Kate Sackton: Stunned and pruned. And all those things. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Except
Tim Sackton: you don't quite have enough movement to get.
Tim Sackton: Wait. Where was Bizar? Arizon?
Kate Sackton: I was bizarre over soon. I don't.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: I was.
Tim Sackton: You only have. You have 30 feet teleport and 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: I didn't get married.
Mike Sackton: You can get right there.
Kate Sackton: Like, yeah, I'm like in the.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Come up in the tree.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can come up in the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you. I'm a.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you run there and then you tunnel and appear in the tree and grab it.
Kate Sackton: How I measured it! Come up in the tree.
Tim Sackton: Rezwin grabs the amulet
Tim Sackton: stunned.
Tim Sackton: stunned, bizarre Welby kind of looks.
Tim Sackton: dazed at you.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: now, bizarre rizwin. Okay, so 1st I'm going to do this first.st
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: angel that is 30 feet or 80 feet up in the air.
Tim Sackton: Is going to
Tim Sackton: fire.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Wait! Wait.
Mike Sackton: That's a creature right?
Tim Sackton: Yup, it's a creature
Tim Sackton: is going to fire
Tim Sackton: 3 arrows.
Tim Sackton: hats.
Tim Sackton: Well, let's see one it dealt with to start.
Tim Sackton: that's that's only a 15. That's gonna mess.
Tim Sackton: try again at dealt with. That's a 21.
Mike Sackton: I see.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so that's 5, 7,
Tim Sackton: 13 points of radiant damage.
Mike Sackton: I am resistant to radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: On that.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: try at. Let's see who else is concentrating on a spell
Tim Sackton: seeker's constructed. But I'll try it, seeker.
Tim Sackton: That's a 17 to hit seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: My A/C is really good, and it's 15.
Tim Sackton: So that's going to be 1012 points of radiant damage on seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: concentration checks.
Tim Sackton: and then it's gonna fly another 40 up in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's I hit the con, save button and hit Ok.
Mike Sackton: Yes, for advantage. Yes.
Mike Sackton: there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's.
Tim Sackton: It's death!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, thank goodness!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Phone. Gollum would drop the Amulet if I lost concentration.
Tim Sackton: I have.
Mike Sackton: It should, it should hand it off to somebody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should do that. Yes, or at least it should run away.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it used up.
Tim Sackton: Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Before.
Tim Sackton: Circle of
Tim Sackton: fire.
Tim Sackton: Wait, what is the range of that?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay. Good.
Kate Sackton: Go with when you ask, What's Brisbane going to cast?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Me!
Kate Sackton: Well, if I well, I couldn't guess, because it's like
Kate Sackton: he's had a chance to.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait a minute. No, that's not what that's not what Bridge was going to do. Sorry, I forgot. That's also concentration. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: She is going to.
Kate Sackton: But like this 1st spell he's using is something I haven't used right.
Kate Sackton: It's kind of hard to keep track of every spell that could possibly be known, but.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She.
Tim Sackton: Is, why can't I?
Tim Sackton: Are you on mute?
Tim Sackton: I can select this token.
Mike Sackton: Is that where she actually is? Or did she come out of a.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I accidentally put it on the map layer.
Tim Sackton: yeah, this is where she is. She came out from here, she went. 1, 2, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Sorry did she? She came out from this building.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Kate Sackton: That she'd have line of sight.
Tim Sackton: She will go there.
Tim Sackton: And she cast.
Mike Sackton: Casting a spell.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but she's out of 60 feet, so you can't.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: right?
Tim Sackton: She is going to cast a 7th level. Dispel magic on
Tim Sackton: some rack I'm dealt with.
Tim Sackton: who vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: what
Eric Rosenbaum: dispel magic can just take down a simulacrum.
Tim Sackton: The duration is until dispelled.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man, brutal
Eric Rosenbaum: and.
Mike Sackton: Brutal.
Eric Rosenbaum: You did well, stimuli.
Mike Sackton: That's so sad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think we're now down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That for them?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we just dispel magic on them?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a reasonable question.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know the answer.
Tim Sackton: That ends riswin's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to know the answer. Why don't we just do that to them?
Kate Sackton: They're too deeply magical. They're like from like some.
Tim Sackton: but that brings us back to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seem like a group.
Tim Sackton: Bizarre seeker, who is now no longer concentrating on anything
Tim Sackton: and is going to.
Eric Rosenbaum: No man.
Tim Sackton: It's the range of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our speakers are a secret.
Tim Sackton: Slow. That's also 120 feet. Okay.
Tim Sackton: and that's a man. It's hard to play
Tim Sackton: casters with so many spells. That's a 40 foot cube.
Kate Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Saying all the time, yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. A 40 foot cube. So that's
Tim Sackton: 8 squares
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Okay. So everybody
Tim Sackton: he's gonna have to get line of sight.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, it just it does not say line of sight.
Mike Sackton: Spells.
Mike Sackton: Almost all spells require line of sight. Though, Tim, you have never let me cast a.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, they require a clear.
Tim Sackton: but unless it says a target, you can see it doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Sure, sure.
Tim Sackton: Behind total cover.
Mike Sackton: Where is Seeker?
Tim Sackton: Like you can't cast it.
Mike Sackton: The wall.
Tim Sackton: He would have to.
Mike Sackton: He'd have to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somewhere.
Mike Sackton: We can see right is what I'm trying to say.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: So where is
Mike Sackton: God?
Tim Sackton: This is very complicated.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, he's moving. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: 6,
Tim Sackton: and then.
Mike Sackton: Carefully staying out of Counterspell range.
Tim Sackton: Yep, he's dropping slow.
Tim Sackton: Does not care about
Tim Sackton: some rackum dealt with, or the dark ladder, so oh, wait slow! You can choose who's affected, so seeker.
Tim Sackton: heroic ladder.
Tim Sackton: construct and dealt with all, make wisdom saving throws.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Wisdom saving throw for seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: is an 18 amazing.
Mike Sackton: 18, also.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: succeeds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. The
Eric Rosenbaum: construct has a plus 0.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: construct roles too.
Tim Sackton: Construct is slowed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the latter
Eric Rosenbaum: as
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter has
Eric Rosenbaum: plus 0 also.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I can do that again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ladder rolls a 14.
Tim Sackton: So the latter.
Mike Sackton: All, all of our constructs are.
Tim Sackton: dark ladder
Tim Sackton: is going to move, to attack, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, no, no.
Tim Sackton: Opportunity, attack.
Tim Sackton: Go with.
Tim Sackton: That's a.
Mike Sackton: When? When's
Mike Sackton: what? Remind me of the initiative order.
Tim Sackton: This is the top of the round
Tim Sackton: Darworth is like in the middle.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doesn't real ladder get an opportunity attack as well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Real ladder can get an opportunity deck.
Mike Sackton: Hold on, and I think I'm going to cast a spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: The 19.
Mike Sackton: Find anything on this character sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: 19 for ladder.
Tim Sackton: That hits bizarre ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can't remember the damage. There's too many things.
Eric Rosenbaum: One d. 10 plus 5.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Hold on when you oh, it doesn't have to be a it doesn't have to be a
Mike Sackton: doesn't have to be a
Mike Sackton: cantrip, but
Mike Sackton: there's no good. I'm going to cast eldritch blast at it.
Mike Sackton: because I think that'll do more damage than one attack.
Tim Sackton: Hey!
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what's its A/C.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, my ladder has 16 A/C.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, same as you.
Mike Sackton: 2 misses, and one hit, I mean 2 hits and one Miss.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So it takes
Mike Sackton: it takes 15 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Pineapple.
Tim Sackton: And then it it does.
Tim Sackton: If you seek her.
Tim Sackton: it does. It's Wendy 10
Tim Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 plus 5 was what I it's.
Tim Sackton: Does 13.
Eric Rosenbaum: B. It says.
Tim Sackton: 13 points of damage to seeker
Tim Sackton: another con saved for the
Tim Sackton: construct.
Tim Sackton: and that ends Bizarro's seeker's turn
Tim Sackton: on bizarre. Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: He doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Stunned.
Tim Sackton: can still move.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the consave.
Mike Sackton: Fails.
Tim Sackton: Construct is gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man! So the amulet just falls to the ground.
Tim Sackton: The Amulet falls to the ground. Nobody.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: Close, and Bizarro will be.
Tim Sackton: I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizar Bizarro Kenzie. No.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but he's stunned. Well.
Tim Sackton: Was stunned and as prone and incapacitated
Tim Sackton: until the start of Seeker's turn.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with goes before seeker, so I can.
Tim Sackton: Zara Welby, however, is going to run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, get opportunity, tax on them.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Tim Sackton: He can still move. If he's stunned, he just can't take actions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Attacks would have an advantage. It would have advantage, because he's stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I both get attacks.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Couldn't ask you.
Kate Sackton: Are they ranged attacks or melee before he gets away?
Mike Sackton: And that was fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have advantage on our attacks. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, come on! 18.
Tim Sackton: 18 s. Is A/C. That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck, man, it's dice, 9 9 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, do I get for for an opportunity attack, and I also do a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one of my like I do another.
Tim Sackton: That's only that's only on your term.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well done!
Tim Sackton: And Bizar's. Welby's turning as he as he's running.
Kate Sackton: Opportunity, attack.
Tim Sackton: Yup. You make your update back.
Kate Sackton: 28.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Kate Sackton: I can just do normal shatterstorm damage.
Kate Sackton: Or because it's not my turn. Is it just some other version of it?
Tim Sackton: No, it's normal shatterstorm damage because you can cast. You have warcaster right so or no. Yes, you do have warcaster, so you can cast it
Tim Sackton: spell as a opportunity attached, but
Tim Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: Chatterstorm's a weapon. What do you.
Tim Sackton: He has booming blade.
Mike Sackton: -
Tim Sackton: Which actually means
Tim Sackton: he also takes the extra down right?
Tim Sackton: So roll all of your damages.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: 35.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: another 35 damage from reason.
Tim Sackton: And as he runs away he's going to sort of stagger. Look back at Kenzo and rizwin
Tim Sackton: You all think you can
Tim Sackton: see so well?
Tim Sackton: I'm sure you'll never find all the hidden little
Tim Sackton: arcane runes that will release plague echoes on you as you wander around the city.
Tim Sackton: and that ends his turn. Welby's turn. Anybody know what Schwartz is going to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Kate Sackton: He's not.
Mike Sackton: Schwartz should go after Bizarro Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or wait. Who's
Eric Rosenbaum: or Bizarro Rizwin? Maybe he could hit Bizarro Riswin probably.
Mike Sackton: I think we should. I still think we should focus fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we should kill him one at a time.
Kate Sackton: There are Kenzel.
Mike Sackton: One at a time.
Kate Sackton: This Erickins is
Kate Sackton: killable right now, right.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro, Rizwin, and Bizarro Seeker still have their amulets. Bizarro, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: and Bizarro Welby do not right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Poke heads! Up!
Tim Sackton: The Kenzo Amulet is just sitting on the ground right here, so somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could pick it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay. And we'll.
Tim Sackton: Honey.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I'll roll for Schwartz.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: A 12 does he have advantage?
Mike Sackton: It would steady aim right.
Tim Sackton: No, he does not have advantage, because Bizarro Kenzo is prone.
Tim Sackton: so it cancels out the advantage from vax.
Tim Sackton: Prowen gives you disadvantage on ranged attacks.
Mike Sackton: Okay? Well, 12 roll of a 12 presumably hits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. That still hits.
Mike Sackton: And how much damage does he do.
Tim Sackton: He does.
Tim Sackton: 7.
Mike Sackton: C. 6 plus 9.
Tim Sackton: 99 96 plus 6.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the edge
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 32.
Tim Sackton: Zarakenza is looking pretty poorly off
Tim Sackton: at this point. That's his turn. He is prone and incapacitated.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: who's next?
Tim Sackton: It's bizarre. Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: No wait dealt with was before Bizarro Ken. Oh, no, no, he's.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, sorry. It was regular, Kenzo, not Bizarro Kenzo. I got you in the wrong order.
Mike Sackton: I just, I know dealt with goes before he loses the stunt. I don't know when he goes.
Tim Sackton: Regular Kenzo, then bizarre. Kenzo then dealt with, then
Tim Sackton: seeker and the incapacitation agents.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, fuck! Do I have to run back and grab the ambulance.
Mike Sackton: No deal with can do it.
Tim Sackton: Bizarre, tense and pick it. Pick it up.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Mike Sackton: So you're saying he's.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't present. Oh, but you can't take any action, bonus action or reaction. So you can't do object interactions.
Tim Sackton: All he can do is crawl away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so you can. He cannot pick it up next.
Tim Sackton: You cannot pick it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. In that case I should chase that for Wally.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But Welby is. Welby is no longer stunned.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm about to stab again for them.
Kate Sackton: We hope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to resend it for it.
Tim Sackton: Room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I am going to catch up for Welby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually, I don't even have to be right next to him. But I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and yeah, I will. I will attack him and attempt to stun him again.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20.
Tim Sackton: 20 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it.
Tim Sackton: Hello!
Tim Sackton: Wait! Does he still have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That does 15 damage, and then another stomach strike so.
Tim Sackton: He's using his heroic inspiration. Nope, he's still stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I love that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: second attack.
Tim Sackton: So the rest of your attacks on Bizarro Welby are with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great sounds good. I missed that very good.
Mike Sackton: Hey, Tim? Who's who's next in the initiative?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Kenzo is next in the initiative, and then you.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, another 10 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then a 3 unarmed strikes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's 7. Damage. My 1st unarmed strike, second, armored, unarmed strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 29 hits!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's another 9 damage, and then last unarmed. Strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is really fun, just like pummeling the shit out of well, I really wish, Welvia, this is like less enjoyable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll take one image.
Tim Sackton: How much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8 more damage on the last.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Bizarro Welby is look is bloodied at this point, and staggering
Tim Sackton: very
Tim Sackton: swaying on his feet as Kenzo rushes forward and just pummels him once more.
Tim Sackton: Not getting a chance to do much of anything.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Kenzo is prone and incapacitated, but is going to stand up
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: So he still has 30 feet of movement.
Tim Sackton: It's gonna run 1, 2,
Tim Sackton: we
Tim Sackton: oh.
Mike Sackton: No, I already use. Wait! Did I already use my attack of opportunity? I can't.
Tim Sackton: I've already used your attack of opportunity
Tim Sackton: that ends bazaar. Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: Darwyth is up.
Mike Sackton: So can I just pick up the amulet as I run by. Yep.
Tim Sackton: Free object, interaction.
Mike Sackton: I'll do that
Mike Sackton: and then attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Wait. I have advantage. Oh, no, I don't have advantage. Okay.
Mike Sackton: because he stood up. Well, that would be my second attack.
Tim Sackton: No, you still have advantage because he's
Tim Sackton: we can't use reactions.
Mike Sackton: So 21 hits, presumably the 28 hits. Yep.
Mike Sackton: a man, a lot of eighteens
Mike Sackton: and 28 hits. Okay? So I do.
Mike Sackton: Is there any reason not to roll all the damage together.
Tim Sackton: Nope, just roll it off.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So it's 3 hits is 66,
Mike Sackton: plus 68,
Mike Sackton: plus
Mike Sackton: 30,
Mike Sackton: 79 damage.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Kenzo
Tim Sackton: falls over crumbling to stone, as Darwyth pummels him to the ground
Tim Sackton: that ends.
Tim Sackton: So Bizarro Kenza has done that ends. Dawa's turn seeker is up.
Mike Sackton: Is it worth?
Mike Sackton: Well, never mind.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I'm gonna bother.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead. Yeah. Keep going.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Well, I think we have to have a ladder ladder fight. Obviously.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm really not sure spellcasting wise what seekers should do. So I might need some help thinking about that. But so the real ladder
Eric Rosenbaum: goes into.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I just should you just grapple dark ladder? Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: because what
Eric Rosenbaum: that would prevent grapple just would prevent the other ladder from moving right and attacking me.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so what I roll for the grapple is that just my spell attack? Probably.
Tim Sackton: the target must succeed on a
Tim Sackton: strength saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: ladders in general have strength saving throw plus 4.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: that's a 19.
Tim Sackton: So it is not grappled.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: man, I really want to try to hit Bizarro Seeker with something. But I couldn't figure out anything that I could do against him.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Do you have like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so should we try the dispel magic trick.
Mike Sackton: To dispel what
Mike Sackton: the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: No one of the Bizarros.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it'll. I'm sure it won't work. Apollyon's magic, won't. It? Wouldn't be that easy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: In that case
Eric Rosenbaum: I could try psychic disruption against
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizarro Rizwin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I in range for that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a
Eric Rosenbaum: int. Save how's Riswyn on that.
Kate Sackton: Terrible.
Mike Sackton: Do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: A cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll use up my last 5th level slot with another rune of psychic disruption against bizar rizwin.
Tim Sackton: Now
Tim Sackton: funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: that is my turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay, how much damage does it do? Though it still does half damage right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah. Psychic disruption is
Eric Rosenbaum: seventies. Oh, wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that right?
Tim Sackton: 5th level. This one's next
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's 86 divided by 2. So I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: Kate, just also this. So this
Tim Sackton: rubble was actually an illusion. So it's actually not there.
Kate Sackton: Oh, okay, I was trying to figure out how to get out of this hat like I was thinking difficult terrain, half speed. Blah blah blah!
Mike Sackton: Can you do your thing?
Mike Sackton: I have an idea. Can you do your move thing?
Kate Sackton: No, it's once per short rep.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's a 25 divided by 2. So 12.
Tim Sackton: 25 damage on bizarre rizwan.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12 like half that.
Tim Sackton: So 12.
Kate Sackton: So where does the wall? Do we know where the wall ends?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The wall ends
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Why isn't this not working?
Tim Sackton: The wall goes?
Tim Sackton: Can you see those red lines that I'm trying to.
Kate Sackton: A red line.
Tim Sackton: It goes like there.
Mike Sackton: So, Rizone, if you just move
Mike Sackton: to 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: Then cast a spell at either seeker or yourself.
Mike Sackton: I I have an idea, my next turn. I'm thinking of bonus action scattering
Mike Sackton: to bring the latter seeker me and Rizwyn all into the room with Seeker to just kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting idea.
Mike Sackton: Good idea, and weave dark ladder on its own.
Mike Sackton: with nobody near it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So you just need to be within 30 feet of me. That's not within 30 feet of me, but I can move 30 feet before I cast scatter so I can move 30 feet, then cast, scatter, and then I can still attack, because I'll use better magic to bonus action. It.
Kate Sackton: I totally believe you, even though I understood none of those words.
Mike Sackton: Within 45 feet of
Mike Sackton: seeker of dealt with.
Mike Sackton: get within 45 feet of dealt with, and cast a spell.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Back down to only one Delaware.
Mike Sackton: I know it's so disappointing. Some rock room was going to do all kinds of things. I mean it, sucked Riswin. 7th level still, but still.
Eric Rosenbaum: We briefly lived in a world so rich it dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you'd all didn't get a chance to cook together. That would have been cool. I.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Mike Sackton: Would have been cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About serving different courses like omakase. You know.
Mike Sackton: It would have been, yeah, right? Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should do that in peaceful times. We should just create a whole bunch of them. And then you all can like
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally.
Kate Sackton: Culinary simulacrums.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so what's Rizm doing.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I'm moving
Kate Sackton: where Noah told me to.
Kate Sackton: That's the wrong thing to move people
Kate Sackton: like I think this is 30 feet. It might be.
Kate Sackton: I don't know if you care
Kate Sackton: nothing.
Kate Sackton: Prefer not to be standing on the illusionary thing
Kate Sackton: all right.
Kate Sackton: and then
Kate Sackton: I am going to cast
Kate Sackton: She's pretty far away. I'm just gonna cast diving bull to like.
Tim Sackton: Remember you have a very high hce.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and 10.
Tim Sackton: Cascat involved, but
Tim Sackton: you might.
Mike Sackton: Stave effects are probably better than attack roll effects
Mike Sackton: against Riswyn.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: I
Kate Sackton: just don't have a lot of those
Kate Sackton: cast a hero's feast at her.
Eric Rosenbaum: And da da.
Kate Sackton: I'm not running anything concentration right now, am I?
Mike Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: Wall of fire.
Mike Sackton: Seriously, why not?
Kate Sackton: My probably my best bet.
Kate Sackton: I would.
Mike Sackton: Wall will fire her.
Kate Sackton: Sure, that's what I'm gonna do.
Kate Sackton: The deck, save
Kate Sackton: which is not good for her.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: where are you putting the wall of fire.
Kate Sackton: I'm putting it.
Tim Sackton: Like a ring around like a.
Kate Sackton: Around her.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: somewhere. I've got it.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: You mean?
Kate Sackton: Does she only take damage if the ring is on her, so shouldn't I make it like a ring
Kate Sackton: centered.
Tim Sackton: She takes damage if she's within 10 feet of the
Tim Sackton: center. So you could do like that.
Tim Sackton: and she would take damage. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Deck, save that fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Towards you missed it. Real Kenzo is kicking the shit out of.
Tim Sackton: Succeeds on our concentration, save so she takes 30 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nice.
Tim Sackton: That ends Rizwan's turn, or sorry she's resistant to fire, so she takes 15 points of damage.
Kate Sackton: Bummer.
Tim Sackton: And then she's just gonna run
Tim Sackton: whoops
Mike Sackton: I should just say screw it. I'll take the damage again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she's going to say screw it. I'll take the damage again. She's going to run through the wall of fire to there.
Tim Sackton: So roll another 5 d
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! It's it's her turn right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's her term, or 6 level cast roll the same roll. Another 78.
Kate Sackton: How do I happens?
Kate Sackton: One of you
Kate Sackton: parsing people? I have a note written somewhere, but I can't find it fast enough.
Tim Sackton: Slash! R 7.
Kate Sackton: Thank you. That's what I wanted to know.
Tim Sackton: And then everybody make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody.
Tim Sackton: Nick's up. Welby Welby is too far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Attitude.
Kate Sackton: 78.
Tim Sackton: Denzo is blind.
Tim Sackton: I doubt it was blind.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is blind.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's.
Mike Sackton: Do you have that can make everybody blind? Kate? 5th one.
Kate Sackton: About life.
Tim Sackton: Deafness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23.
Kate Sackton: What, what.
Tim Sackton: I was not blind.
Kate Sackton: What is this? They were making
Kate Sackton: constitution.
Tim Sackton: Solution save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the range on the spell.
Tim Sackton: 100 and
Tim Sackton: 20 feet.
Tim Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
Mike Sackton: How come? Brisbane never makes like our enemies, blind.
Kate Sackton: I don't use this spell. He's using one of the
Kate Sackton: 100 spells that I have as options.
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn is not blind, so just Seeker and Dawith are blind.
Tim Sackton: How much was the extra damage from the wall of fire.
Kate Sackton: You didn't actually specifically tell me all the right things with the spaces and the slashes, because I typed what you said. And it didn't actually.
Tim Sackton: Slash, roll, space, 78
Tim Sackton: slash r space, 17.
Kate Sackton: Space, 7. E. 8.
Tim Sackton: That ends bizarrely
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: reduced to half. So that's
Tim Sackton: 6, 7.
Kate Sackton: 17.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends Bizarro riswin's turn. Bizarro seeker
Tim Sackton: has not been having a lot of luck with his spells
Tim Sackton: and is going to. 1st of all, he's gonna he's gonna yell out to seeker
Tim Sackton: Where are all my list of talents?
Tim Sackton: you know I scoured the city looking for adamantine. It's the 1st thing we did.
Tim Sackton: There is none.
Tim Sackton: If
Tim Sackton: and then he's gonna going to.
Tim Sackton: Oh, man.
Tim Sackton: there's bizarre seeker.
Tim Sackton: So many things bizarre seeker can do.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can like.
Eric Rosenbaum: scan for interesting rocks.
Tim Sackton: it's the range of that is too short.
Tim Sackton: I think he's going to
Tim Sackton: try another rune of psychic disruption.
Tim Sackton: on
Tim Sackton: Yup Riswind is in range.
Tim Sackton: Int save on riswin.
Kate Sackton: It's not good.
Mike Sackton: Trying to use heroic inspiration on my save. I didn't think of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Do I need to use my heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: I mean you failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Use regular inspiration. You could use heroic. You could use
Eric Rosenbaum: Umbo super inspiration.
Kate Sackton: I'll try another heroic, and then see if we need to add a bardic. Is that how this works.
Eric Rosenbaum: Either way.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, it got worse, not better.
Tim Sackton: So you take 27 points of psychic damage, and Riswin is incapacitated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Which means the wildfire goes away
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: that ends Bizarro secrets turn. He's gonna run
Tim Sackton: fast as his little legs can carry him
Tim Sackton: to. There.
Kate Sackton: What ends the incapacitator.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: You just have to miss a turn. There's nothing that ends it.
Tim Sackton: Of end of start of seeker bizarre seekers. Next turn bizarre. Welby is still
Tim Sackton: stunned.
Tim Sackton: really hasn't been able to do much.
Tim Sackton: is going to still
Tim Sackton: run.
Tim Sackton: lead Kenzo away from the fight. Kenzo can make another opportunity attack that ends
Tim Sackton: bizarre. Welby's turn. Regular. Welby is up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got advantage right?
Tim Sackton: Moment as regular. Welby looks around the battlefield.
Tim Sackton: Rizwin is staggering, incapacitated.
Tim Sackton: seeker, and dealt with are blind. The latters are grappling each other, and oh, I forgot! Sorry! On Rizwin's turn.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: after she cast her spell the
Tim Sackton: Angel makes 3 attacks.
Tim Sackton: Darwest takes 6,
Tim Sackton: 12,
Tim Sackton: 1417 18 points reduced to half radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: Seeker takes for
Tim Sackton: 6, takes 10 points of radiant damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Them. I do add 9 points of damage on opportunity attack, because rope. Yep.
Tim Sackton: So as Welby looks around the battlefield, Bizarro Welby is staggered and stunned, and running from Bizarro Kenzo across the battlefield.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Rizwin and Bizarro seeker are in the midst of incapacitating the rest of your allies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where is Bizarra's secret?
Tim Sackton: The Zara Seeker is behind this wall over here.
Tim Sackton: but you can see you can see him. You can see the whole battlefield
Eric Rosenbaum: Because those are low walls.
Tim Sackton: Those are. There are 10 feet up, but they're 10 foot walls, but remember, he's 200 feet in the air so he can see right.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro or Kenzo and
Tim Sackton: Seeker are blind.
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn is incapacitated. Neither of those spells are concentration, so you can't
Tim Sackton: mess anything up with concentration. But you can just try and kill people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are any of the enemies bloodied.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Welby is in bad shape. Bizarro Kenza is dead. Bizarro seeker has not been touched.
Tim Sackton: following in regular seekers
Tim Sackton: footsteps.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they.
Tim Sackton: Targeting and bazaar. Reswyn is hurt, but not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool, cool, cool. Who did did Welby have a turn while I was out.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's somebody.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo maybe.
Tim Sackton: He's yeah. Well.
Mike Sackton: Be, in.
Tim Sackton: Well being dealt with. Killed. Bizarro Kenzo last turn.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay? In that case
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will take steady aim and hit
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bizarro seeker
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right.
Eric Rosenbaum: This
Eric Rosenbaum: that guy
Eric Rosenbaum: deserves it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 29.
Tim Sackton: 29 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And let me think about effect here. What seeker? What are your saves between Dex and con?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you good at either of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: Han is worse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ghana's worse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you think is better poisoned, blinded, or dazed.
Mike Sackton: Winded, maybe dazed.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is days do.
Tim Sackton: Wind is way stronger because most of, although.
Mike Sackton: Ow! Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Disruption does not require sight so blinded would not stop him from casting disruption.
Mike Sackton: Days means you can't. You can take
Mike Sackton: bonus action or action, but not both.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I totally have been forgetting to roll people's bardic inspirations for
Tim Sackton: bizarre robot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizarro.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a good.
Mike Sackton: Mostly been way out of range. It's only 90.
Tim Sackton: Bizarre bizarre.
Tim Sackton: gave it out in advance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'm gonna daze
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bizarro, DC, 18 con.
Tim Sackton: And.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It rolls. So that's minus 9.
Tim Sackton: We will use
Tim Sackton: his heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: 19.
Mike Sackton: At remote.
Mike Sackton: Remind me, who's next?
Mike Sackton: Again, Tim? Sorry it.
Tim Sackton: So we just did regular Welby. We've got regular Kenzo, then regular dealt with, then regular
Tim Sackton: seeker. Then
Tim Sackton: wait. Are there only 3? Yeah, there's only 3 of them left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 25.
Tim Sackton: Penzo dealt with seeker rizwin, all of you in a row, and then bazaar rizwin. Okay.
Tim Sackton: alright! How much damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 25.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Riswind, do you have anything that'll get rid of blindness.
Kate Sackton: Later restoration doesn't seem to, which is kind of shocking
Kate Sackton: nor does cure boons.
Kate Sackton: So I'm coming up short here.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is why.
Tim Sackton: That's why you have lesser restoration. Right?
Mike Sackton: I took Tim's advice and kept lesser restoration.
Kate Sackton: Why does lesser restoration fix blindness and greater restoration? Doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Greater restoration fixes
Tim Sackton: harder to fix things right
Tim Sackton: like exhaustion, and
Tim Sackton: like re- reduced Max HP. From undead.
Kate Sackton: I know I know what it does fix. I was reading all those things.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I think the theory is, he would generally prepare both.
Tim Sackton: It's not much.
Mike Sackton: Lower level.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So it's it's regular Kemza's turn. If you want to continue to wail on Bizarro.
Mike Sackton: Regular Kenzo. Just go after Bizarro will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no cause like, what's the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Desaro? Welby can do a little damage here or there. But why not take out the casters instead?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But get to Riswin.
Mike Sackton: He's
Mike Sackton: you mean. Just let him just let him be and go after Israel.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, can you get to Riswyn? You could, I guess, if you bonus action dashed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not? Just take, just kill Welby and get him off of the field.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, my thinking was that Riswin can do more damage to more of us
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): than Welby can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but it also makes sense to have one less threat.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I think one less threat is.
Mike Sackton: I'd be
Mike Sackton: nervous about letting well be recover and get in a position where you can hide it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They can attack us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Electronic cheers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, perfect.
Mike Sackton: And cogs really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the.
Mike Sackton: Punching the crap out of him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is no thought in his mind not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like complete like this is just like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just keep going. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Principal moment for Kenza to just be able to like. Just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just kick the shit out.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make your attacks.
Tim Sackton: because as long as I mean, Kenzo has been keeping Bizarro well, be stunned. So he hasn't really much.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like sublimating our intra-party tension.
Tim Sackton: But this time I'm gonna remember to add the D 10 to his save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 6 16 damage, Tim, and then yeah, con save.
Tim Sackton: One of these times he's going to make the concert. That's a
Tim Sackton: what's bizarre wellbees, plus
Tim Sackton: that's a 17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. He finally makes it not stunned. All right. Well.
Tim Sackton: So that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Understood.
Tim Sackton: 16 damage. He's pretty low on health, though you might be able to take him out with your 4 other attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I'll see if we do it, I said. I don't. I don't have advantage anymore, though, right.
Tim Sackton: You don't have advantage anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, 28 still hits. That does another 12 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: first, st unarmed strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's another 23 that hits, that does another 10 damage. Second unarmed strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that does another 11 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then final, unarmed strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. All 5 hits 22.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's another 7 damage.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro Welby is clinging on as he finally
Tim Sackton: breaks free from the stun and finally gets to use his skirmisher reaction to flee without provoking opportunity. Tax
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4,
Tim Sackton: half your move right? So
Tim Sackton: you can move 4 squares
Tim Sackton: runs away, and as he does, still taunting you, still saying, you know even what even I can't find all the traps that are left here. So there's no way your friend Welby up in the Tower is going to do it
Tim Sackton: and that ends regular. Kenz's turn that brings up dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Alright. Do you want?
Mike Sackton: Do you guys all want to be swept up and brought somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's a good idea.
Mike Sackton: All right. Who should we surround Seeker or Rizwyn?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seekers should be easier to take out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's run. Seeker. Yeah, okay. So
Mike Sackton: I'm going to 1st cast loss of restoration on myself as a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: So I can now see
Mike Sackton: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can act out seeker's worst nightmare here.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: and then I will move
Mike Sackton: so that I'm 30 feet
Mike Sackton: moved right here.
Mike Sackton: So unfortunately, I can't
Mike Sackton: also attack
Mike Sackton: seeker in this chart. But that's okay.
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: it's
Mike Sackton: okay. So then, so I'll move to hold on. Let me actually move my token.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Why is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Me and you and the latter.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, Rizman, and the ladder against.
Mike Sackton: So, all of us, I'll cast scatter.
Mike Sackton: which I can do because it's not a spell. Slot. Yep.
Mike Sackton: and then all of us.
Mike Sackton: should I try and move the ladder too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes!
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the latter has to make it. DC, 18. Wisdom safe actually, is, how close is this creature to me?
Tim Sackton: A 100 feet in the air. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Fine! I can't reach it.
Tim Sackton: The latter fails.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So
Mike Sackton: the ladder is right here.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you can move the dark ladder you're saying.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: And then all of us
Mike Sackton: are. Wherever we want
Mike Sackton: we can't go. It has to be like
Mike Sackton: has to be.
Tim Sackton: What you can see, so you can't go past like like
Tim Sackton: there, this line. I'm sorry. This line here, right.
Mike Sackton: But anywhere you can move yourself anywhere you want, within 120 feet of where you are
Mike Sackton: that deal with can see
Mike Sackton: from here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't want to be too close to
Eric Rosenbaum: no.
Mike Sackton: You want to be. We want to. We're trying to be hidden from Riswyn.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: You should go right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, interesting. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Because rizwin mostly can't get you without, or maybe right here.
Tim Sackton: This. That is not. That's that's that's like half cover or 3 quarters cover. That's not total cover. The only place that total cover would be there.
Mike Sackton: Well, what about right there?
Tim Sackton: That's total cover.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where
Eric Rosenbaum: no, you.
Mike Sackton: You go there you go there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I want to be close enough. That next turn I can move against seeker.
Mike Sackton: That's that's iffy. Actually, maybe I should just let riz wet.
Mike Sackton: Maybe I should be like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, Mike, where should I go again?
Mike Sackton: Where you are is probably good
Mike Sackton: or no. No, no, sorry. Go right here. Go right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up there. Okay, yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's still cover from total cover from Brisbane. Right?
Tim Sackton: yeah, that's.
Mike Sackton: Are there.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's yeah. That's that's like, 3 quarters cover.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Riswyn can obviously.
Tim Sackton: It can move, too. So it's not gonna but that's pretty good.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends down.
Mike Sackton: The water, and the good guy ladder.
Tim Sackton: Where do you want to put the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just like read.
Mike Sackton: How about? Right in the middle? Yeah. Bingo.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Well, you don't want to. Well, I guess the ladders in the air ladders fly so Riswin can go under the ladder. Okay. That was turned seeker, regular seeker, and then regular rizwin. Both of you guys are next.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, it's like, what can I hit
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizarro seeker with?
Eric Rosenbaum: That'll do. I just wow! Well.
Mike Sackton: The ladder goes at him to start.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then well, let's let's do that.
Mike Sackton: Can you put the ladder the other side of him.
Mike Sackton: or atop of him?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right there, or one over more even.
Tim Sackton: Over
Tim Sackton: other space. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: To give space here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Mike Sackton: And actually you
Mike Sackton: yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the last.
Mike Sackton: Tax.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do just do an attack. All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's a 21.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: seeker does not have a good A/C
Tim Sackton: seeker, still has his amulet. Remember.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 1 d. 10 plus 5,
Eric Rosenbaum: 7
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: should I tw?
Eric Rosenbaum: What should I try to do to him?
Tim Sackton: Rizrain is next then.
Tim Sackton: Oh, but I don't think.
Mike Sackton: Your spells are.
Tim Sackton: Everyone's incapacitated. So Rizwan can't do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the most comically ironic thing would be to cast rune of irresistible curiosity
Eric Rosenbaum: on bizarre seeker.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what that does.
Eric Rosenbaum: As Tom save
Eric Rosenbaum: and I have terrible wisdom save.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then it's charmed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Disadvantage on decks, saving throws and attack rolls. Other creatures have attack advantage on attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: has to stay.
Tim Sackton: Basically gives him.
Mike Sackton: Oh, he can't move!
Tim Sackton: You can't move.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: he has disadvantage on attack, girls, and everybody has advantage on him.
Mike Sackton: That's worst. I'd do that. Not being able to move is useful, because then he can't run away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Narrative wise. This is the best way to attack
Eric Rosenbaum: myself also.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I cast
Eric Rosenbaum: rune of irresistible curiosity, burning my 6th level slot.
Tim Sackton: With his amazing plus 0 to wisdom. Saints! That's a 2.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing. So Bizarro Seeker dramatically fails
Eric Rosenbaum: to not be completely entranced by a detail in the
Eric Rosenbaum: in the
Eric Rosenbaum: stone grain of the wall that he's standing next to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's standing. Seeker's standing there staring at the stone grade and looking at it like
Tim Sackton: you can. You can sort of hear him, muttering under his breath, bizarre seeker!
Tim Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: if Fausto teleports
Tim Sackton: they can surprise
Tim Sackton: Faldrek.
Tim Sackton: time is almost ready.
Tim Sackton: Delay them.
Tim Sackton: It's 1 of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. So Bizarro Seeker is charmed.
Tim Sackton: I fought them once before
Tim Sackton: they killed me, but they won't kill Fausto and 8 of his most powerful allies.
Tim Sackton: So he is bizarre. Seeker is
Tim Sackton: rune, so he he still has it, his action right? But he can't move, and he has disadvantage
Tim Sackton: on deck. All attacks have advantage on it.
Tim Sackton: But, like you could say, for example, Dimension door 500 feet away.
Mike Sackton: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's true.
Tim Sackton: But it is currently oh, Rizwyn can't do anything. It is currently bizarre. Rizwyn's turn.
Tim Sackton: First, st the
Tim Sackton: angel with 600 foot range.
Tim Sackton: That's concentration is going to shoot 3 arrows at bizarre at seeker
Tim Sackton: that hits
Tim Sackton: at hits.
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: 19 that hits.
Tim Sackton: and each arrow is going to be
Tim Sackton: some of the tabs.
Tim Sackton: 2D 6 plus
Tim Sackton: 2 plus 8. So that's gonna be
Tim Sackton: 11
Tim Sackton: wells
Tim Sackton: and.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Is seeker still blind.
Tim Sackton: Oh, make a constitution saving throw to resist the blindness. Yes, you are still blind.
Tim Sackton: you know, seeker so well. You can target him, even though he's blind, although
Tim Sackton: you have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: On, the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, you're still blind now row 3 concentration checks
Tim Sackton: to keep up run of psychic disruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 concentration checks.
Mike Sackton: Cause you just took 3 hits.
Tim Sackton: That's really.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: The arrows, and you take
Tim Sackton: be 6 points of damage
Tim Sackton: so far. Yep, you succeed on all of them, but you do take 36 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: There it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, I'm hurting.
Tim Sackton: And then rizwin.
Tim Sackton: Let's see what's the range of wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am very bloodied at this point.
Kate Sackton: Well, you're right next to me, so I can hear you as soon as I'm not incapacitated.
Tim Sackton: That's a touch that's not very useful.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: I forgot about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Business.
Tim Sackton: Why did I take all of these touch spells.
Mike Sackton: They're now.
Mike Sackton: You thought she'd be waiting into combat.
Tim Sackton: I did. But it doesn't seem
Tim Sackton: valuable at the moment. I just okay. Maybe she's gonna give up concentration.
Tim Sackton: That's still okay.
Tim Sackton: I forgot that she doesn't have all of the nice movement abilities that
Tim Sackton: I just gave regular riz was right.
Mike Sackton: So she's sort of stuck.
Mike Sackton: That's why we ran away from her.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: okay. You know who is?
Tim Sackton: 1, 2,
Tim Sackton: 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: 6.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo's taking the.
Tim Sackton: 45 feet. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Penzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Tim Sackton: This is going to be.
Tim Sackton: 25 to hit
Tim Sackton: with
Tim Sackton: guiding bolt.
Tim Sackton: That is 27 points of radiant damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I can't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deflect that. But can I?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can deflect that.
Tim Sackton: yes, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can deflect any damage type.
Tim Sackton: That's right.
Tim Sackton: bizar. Rizwin forgot about bizarre Kenza's abilities for a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I can reduce the total damage by one d. 10 plus 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27.
Tim Sackton: So you reduce it to 0.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, and now I can deflect it back right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you've got key to spend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How's the cutest man?
Mike Sackton: Bad rhythms getting hit by her own gutting bolt.
Mike Sackton: Man! Monks are nasty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dude fucking is really hard to kill, actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, when he's when he's only getting attacked by one person or one attack.
Tim Sackton: A deck savings. Now
Tim Sackton: that fails. So 2D. 10 plus
Tim Sackton: 5
Tim Sackton: radiant damage
Tim Sackton: she makes her, save to keep up the angel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much damage did she take.
Tim Sackton: You roll 2D. 10 plus 5.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Okay.
Tim Sackton: That ends bazaar. Riswin's turn rizwin is no longer in. Oh, no! That brings us up to bizarre seeker. Riswin is no longer incapacitated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on. I just did 17 damage to Brisbane on her turn. Let's just reflect back on that for a second. There.
Tim Sackton: Hey, Rizwyn can still make a constitution save to avoid blind, even though you were incapacitated. Last turn, bizarre seeker.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Didn't she make this safe? To begin with?
Mike Sackton: I thought only 2 of us were blinded.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's yeah, you're right. You made the same. To begin with. I'm sorry.
Tim Sackton: Bizarro. Seeker
Tim Sackton: cannot move
Tim Sackton: is very vulnerable right now to being utterly slaughtered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, actually.
Kate Sackton: If it were anyone's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. I could have deflected that energy at Welby, too.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, you could, you, if you want to deflected it, Welby instead. That's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm gonna kill Welby.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's actually super classic. So Rizwin fires a guiding bolt towards Kenzo, and he's like Nope, and just knocks this bolt of energy right at Welvie.
Tim Sackton: who dies.
Tim Sackton: Oh, amazing!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much more cinematic ending.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Very nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll kill that. We'll be with the other bolt.
Tim Sackton: So we're down to just the spellcast.
Eric Rosenbaum: The alley-oop.
Tim Sackton: And Bizarro seeker.
Tim Sackton: I've got to get out of here.
Tim Sackton: so it's time
Tim Sackton: or demand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Mike Sackton: Counterspow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no!
Eric Rosenbaum: Can can I do that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you should counterspell that way. You have more slots than me. You should counterspell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm still blind. I.
Tim Sackton: You can't counterspell. If you're blind
Tim Sackton: it has to be a spell. You can see.
Mike Sackton: I will counterspell.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: My slots, but.
Tim Sackton: That's a 2.
Tim Sackton: Okay, can't move
Tim Sackton: uses action.
Tim Sackton: He does keep.
Mike Sackton: It's a spell. Slot.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Not that he's going to need that
Tim Sackton: or a thermal slot.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: If we don't kill him, this turn
Mike Sackton: gotta get the thing off him is the problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's not much else he can do because he can't move. So bizar seeker is trapped.
Tim Sackton: Bizar ladder is gonna dash
Tim Sackton: 60 feet
Tim Sackton: gets them to there, cause he can fly over the walls.
Tim Sackton: That's all. Bizarre ladder can do
Tim Sackton: that ends Bizarro seeker's turn. Bizarro Welby is dead regular Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Regular wellbeing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): decides he needs to get a little closer to the action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to use
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the arrow of seeking on bizarre seeker.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then move and cutting action. Dash
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 180 feet closer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, so attack
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you can actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take a turn.
Tim Sackton: So just roll a d. 20 and add, I mean, there's no way you can miss unless you roll a 1,
Tim Sackton: and if you roll a 1, you roll it again. So you only have a 1 in 400 chance of missing.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, seekers, ace is less than 22. So
Tim Sackton: so the arrow hits so welby fires and actually
Tim Sackton: So as you fire the arrow, it just flies in this perfectly straight
Tim Sackton: line.
Tim Sackton: And then just dive straight down towards Seeker.
Mike Sackton: You have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because of the.
Mike Sackton: Because of the thing.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't matter. He's got a plus 20 to hit.
Mike Sackton: Good crit, and do 70 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: No, you didn't. No.
Tim Sackton: The seeking arrow is actually quite useful. There you would have. Oh, no, yeah, you would have missed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, 43. Hard. Hit.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think I'm on like the edge of the map by this point.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much damage did you do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 43.
Tim Sackton: 42 bizarre seeker is not quite bloody, but looking
Tim Sackton: rough.
Kate Sackton: But we don't want to kill him because he's got his ambulance.
Tim Sackton: He isn't.
Tim Sackton: I will say you have advantage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just gonna say.
Tim Sackton: On the.
Tim Sackton: That's just while he's curiostied.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Tim Sackton: So that ends well. So Kenzo is up. Kenzo is.
Tim Sackton: Oh, bizarre! Welby is gone.
Tim Sackton: Penzo, what do you want to do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo is.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with his next, then seeker, then risen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, okay, pencil's gonna move and engage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bizarro.
Tim Sackton: Renzwan.
Tim Sackton: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. So I'm going to move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I'm gonna start attacking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brisbane. What's your worst
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: between
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: between let's see.
Tim Sackton: Can't just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Charisma or wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's your worst.
Tim Sackton: Is good. Charisma is good, wisdom is good.
Tim Sackton: those are her 3 good saves.
Kate Sackton: Those are my good saves. I'm only bad at Jackson Int.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But are they equally good? There's 1 slightly better or worse.
Kate Sackton: Charisma is slightly worse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Good enough. Let's try charisma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. 1st attack.
Mike Sackton: Oom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't have any advantage right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? No.
Mike Sackton: No advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is probably.
Tim Sackton: 18, misses.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I have any? Do I have any bardic inspiration? Very easy.
Mike Sackton: We didn't hand them out. You used.
Tim Sackton: We're home to that.
Mike Sackton: But seekers too far away.
Tim Sackton: Seeker you plus seeker used as react. Oh, no! Dealt with counterspell seeker is too far away to give you reaction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I missed my 1st attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second it's at oh, my God! I'm rolling so terribly! I missed 13
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unarmed strike 1st unarmed. Strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy fuck. 12. This is like the worst I've ever rolled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're the luckiest ever. Okay. 23. Finally, that hits.
Tim Sackton: 23 misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23 misses. Here's 1 of the 24.
Mike Sackton: A/C.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: This one is hard to take.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Finally, okay. National, 20, alright, finally.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that hits, and that does
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only 15 damage. But yeah, but that. But I'll try to. I'll try to do a disrupting strike on that one.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damn!
Tim Sackton: Sorry remind. I mean she fails to save. She rolled a 9.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay. Good.
Tim Sackton: Remind me what that does. It's minus one d. 4 to all her attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: minus one. D, 4. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay till the start of your next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until the until the end of the current term.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's charmed.
Tim Sackton: No, it must, it must be this. Well, I'll look at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, until the start of your next turn until the start of next. My next.
Tim Sackton: Right until the start of your next turn. She can't minus one d. 4 from everything that ends. Kenzo Dawith is up, then seeker, then risen.
Mike Sackton: Deal with seeker. Where's 1 seeker? How badly do you want to get unblinded.
Mike Sackton: 2 moves I could do. I could. I could go against Bizarro, seeker, pound him, and then bonus action, sleep to see if I can make him fall asleep.
Mike Sackton: Or I could
Mike Sackton: lesser restoration you, and then go pound him, but not
Mike Sackton: although actually, I think I want to keep my font of moonlight up, so why don't I kill you?
Mike Sackton: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, all right.
Mike Sackton: I think that's better.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I can't.
Tim Sackton: No, these constructs never see.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it. Probably.
Tim Sackton: It's unlikely that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. So I will use distance spell. I don't have enough move without doing this, but I will use distance spell to turn West Restoration into a ranged spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: It, doesn't I? I have even. I don't know if it's 5 or 10 feet, but it doesn't matter. I only needed 5 extra feet.
Tim Sackton: I think it makes it 30 feet. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So then you're unblinded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Mike Sackton: That's my bonus action.
Mike Sackton: Let me just knock off some sorcery points.
Mike Sackton: and then I will just close
Mike Sackton: on
Mike Sackton: and attack.
Tim Sackton: All your tax, have advantage.
Kate Sackton: Are you grabbing 1st before you attack.
Mike Sackton: He's not even quite bloodied. Right?
Tim Sackton: Not not even quite bloody.
Kate Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, let me. I guess I could do damage one by one, just to
Mike Sackton: no, it's looking at.
Kate Sackton: Want to wail on him because you're.
Mike Sackton: 22
Mike Sackton: with the 1st attack, I mean 22 damage. Yep.
Mike Sackton: that.
Tim Sackton: And it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: CC.
Mike Sackton: 16 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the next.
Mike Sackton: Next.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Oh! Does he have a.
Mike Sackton: I have advantage.
Mike Sackton: So I'm hitting, cause it's all the then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: The last one also hits.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is it a bad idea? Am I going to Overkill? Am I gonna do too much damage.
Tim Sackton: He just went bloodied on that last head.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Now then, I'm fine.
Mike Sackton: 22 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay. As Dawith wails into Bizarro seeker that ends. Dawes turn seeker. Now, being able to see you turn and look, and you see yourself being pounded by a sword and a ladder
Tim Sackton: as you stare distractedly at a wall
Tim Sackton: speaker's worst nightmare.
Mike Sackton: Can the latter grab the amulet.
Tim Sackton: No, it doesn't have hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I have to do it. Unfortunately.
Eric Rosenbaum: the.
Mike Sackton: How's your dax? Your dax is not great, right.
Tim Sackton: You haven't been.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a 14.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'll try. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Advantage. So I can do it right? Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to steal the amulet from Bizarro seeker. So I just make a.
Mike Sackton: You have to move.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Move there
Tim Sackton: and then it's a dex check with advantage.
Tim Sackton: So I moved.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right next to
Eric Rosenbaum: real dealt with
Eric Rosenbaum: Dex check with advantage. So not a dex saving throw. So I just hit the Dex button. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that one. I didn't make it on my 1st try
Eric Rosenbaum: out there.
Mike Sackton: Gauge.
Kate Sackton: Woo! Well.
Tim Sackton: You read it, you read it
Tim Sackton: for the distracted
Tim Sackton: phone of yourself
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: just managed to grab this amulet as
Tim Sackton: you're as the seeker bizarre seeker is just not paying attention to what you're doing.
Tim Sackton: and you
Tim Sackton: now find yourself with the amulet in your hand. If you still have 5 feet of movement. You might want to move under the ladder, so Riswin can.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's what I was. Gonna say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like
Mike Sackton: You should still have 5 feet of movement.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that was 25. So like, there.
Mike Sackton: And the ladder can move on your turn, too. The ladder can move down and diagonally one square.
Eric Rosenbaum: And should the latter do anything pounce.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. You you attack him. Try and kill him.
Tim Sackton: The amulet, now.
Mike Sackton: Got, the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now we, now we have the amulet, so the latter makes its attack.
Tim Sackton: I have. That's it!
Eric Rosenbaum: 29. And so that's again the one d. 10 plus 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait!
Mike Sackton: You also need healing right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I am in pretty rough shape. I have 24 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I do. 11 damage. The latter does 11 damage on Bizarro seeker.
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey! Kids have moved into touch range with Bizarro.
Mike Sackton: I know. I was wondering if I should tell Kenzo not to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not a duet.
Mike Sackton: While Tim memorized a whole bunch of touch spells for.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one really.
Mike Sackton: Win might take you down. I don't. I don't know if Kenzo can beat Rizwyn.
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh.
Kate Sackton: We'll go help!
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that plate, armor.
Mike Sackton: I'm like completely out of spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm pretty burnt out, too.
Kate Sackton: I'll do a fight myself.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Sorry.
Mike Sackton: Watch and sort of shout from the side.
Tim Sackton: That end seeker's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so. There's something else I can do. Right? Yeah. But.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Riswyn.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry on seekers, I forgot on seekers. Last turn the ladder gets to move another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Help me against yourself.
Mike Sackton: No, we gotta kill seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I'll see you.
Mike Sackton: Ladder is going to come, get in the way.
Tim Sackton: Well, I it's I'm not gonna like, replay. What happened before. I'm just gonna put the ladder there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna
Kate Sackton: move into Malay.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: And pound on.
Tim Sackton: Speaker.
Kate Sackton: Seeker.
Kate Sackton: because then I can at least do a bonus action. Small amount of healing to
Kate Sackton: other seeker. Good seeker the first.st Oh.
Kate Sackton: 1st I'll pound on bad seeker.
Tim Sackton: That it's.
Kate Sackton: 30.
Tim Sackton: God seeker is nearly dead.
Kate Sackton: All right, but I don't have any other additional.
Mike Sackton: You just attacked it with your sword, your hammer.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any bonus action spells.
Kate Sackton: No healing word or searing smite, actually.
Mike Sackton: Daring smite. Do it! Kill him!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: nice!
Mike Sackton: Upcast it high enough to kill him.
Kate Sackton: Well as a bonus action. I think it can only be cast as a 1st Level.
Tim Sackton: I think, after it at any level
Tim Sackton: says 1st Level on the little thing, because that's the level spell. It is.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: okay. Well, that's fine.
Mike Sackton: I do like a 4th Level smite.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
Kate Sackton: On!
Tim Sackton: As Rizwin's hammer
Tim Sackton: strikes Bizarro seeker.
Tim Sackton: A flare of fire erupts from the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: Mall end of shatterstorm and Bizarro seeker just melts
Tim Sackton: into a pile of sand and dust at Rizwan's feet.
Tim Sackton: Dark ladder collapses.
Tim Sackton: I think the latter vanishes. I assume
Tim Sackton: I'm going to play it better.
Tim Sackton: and that ends
Tim Sackton: riswind's turn, and the only one left standing now is.
Mike Sackton: Bizarro, rizwat.
Tim Sackton: Carl rizwin.
Mike Sackton: Was like not actually taking any damage.
Tim Sackton: I was taking some.
Mike Sackton: Barely.
Tim Sackton: Who is going to
Tim Sackton: wait?
Kate Sackton: Did her turn?
Tim Sackton: Owed.
Tim Sackton: and touch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Attempt to touch.
Kate Sackton: The monk.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Let's see. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Riswin. Did we do my healing for seeker? No, we didn't.
Mike Sackton: It.
Kate Sackton: It was either kill the other seeker or help me out, though sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that was a bonus action, fair fair enough.
Tim Sackton: Is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That'd be okay. Everybody. Don't you go backward.
Tim Sackton: Make a constitution saving throw Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Funny.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: you are not cursed with an evil disease.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, well, that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's probably good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Best news of 2024.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: Dark
Tim Sackton: Angel is going to make an attack at seeker. That's a 24 to hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, no, no, no.
Tim Sackton: That's
Mike Sackton: The dark angels!
Tim Sackton: Of annoying. Wow.
Tim Sackton: 14 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm I'm looking bad here, that's 10. I'm down to 10.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we know.
Mike Sackton: You have.
Mike Sackton: You don't have anything that you can do to.
Tim Sackton: And one is
Tim Sackton: 12. Second, one is 14 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm at 0. I'm it.
Mike Sackton: Oh, bye, bye, ladder.
Tim Sackton: Seeker falls unconscious.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, the latter doesn't disappear unless you die.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: If you're incapacitated, it goes into a frenzy of protection to defend you.
Tim Sackton: Got it?
Eric Rosenbaum: As it should.
Tim Sackton: As it should.
Tim Sackton: these people are mean.
Tim Sackton: that's
Tim Sackton: a 19 seeker fails. One death saving throw as a 3rd arrow pierces his body.
Tim Sackton: and that ends risman's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait? When did that fail happen?
Mike Sackton: When you came.
Tim Sackton: More damage. Once the dark angel shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see it just automatically ticks it off. So what do I do? I hit?
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Tim Sackton: Bizarre seeker is dead that brings like Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I'm gonna shoot
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bizar riswin, and then move towards her.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: 24, A/C.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That.
Tim Sackton: That cause you reroll once.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then it didn't automatically reroll it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, that hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just a little bit
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome, and I'm gonna do
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): landing, which is a what is that? An 18 DC. 18
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): deck save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go! I love that.
Tim Sackton: That fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. So it's this minus 5.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what is that? 28
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): altogether.
Tim Sackton: 28 damage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Oh, actually, she still has a heroic inspiration. Let's see if that
Tim Sackton: Nope that still fails.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so bizarre Rizwan is blinded. That brings us to Kenzo. She no longer has to take one d. 4 off of her
Tim Sackton: attacks. She didn't make an attack, anyway?
Tim Sackton: How do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or anything, since she's blinded.
Tim Sackton: You get advantage because she is blinded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Love, that.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: dealt with is next, and then seeker, and then riswin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So 1st attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is 9 damage, and then yeah, I'll do a I'll do another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do another
Tim Sackton: Interrupting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Disrupting, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Charisma, or Con, or wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man. Okay, let's do con.
Tim Sackton: 27.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Spot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: still misses 1st flurry of blows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that hits 29,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that does 13. Damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: second, flurry of blows with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Natural? 20 fuck. Yeah, here we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That does. Oh, my God! And I rolled 2, 10. It's 25 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Just rolled a 20 and 2 tennis.
Tim Sackton: Rezran is bloodied. No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then final, unarmed. Strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yay 24 bits right.
Tim Sackton: 24 just hits. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then that does 8 more damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really advantage to hit Brisbane really hard to hit her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Mike Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you still have to steal her fucking thing, though.
Mike Sackton: We do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: I'm rolling all our concentration saves.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! No, she can't.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no! The 25 did. I gotta roll that one.
Mike Sackton: She can't.
Tim Sackton: You know, Rizone has a plus 8 to
Tim Sackton: pawn saves, and advantage. He only has a 1 in 400 chance of rain.
Tim Sackton: Normal. Say.
Mike Sackton: Unless it does more than 20 days.
Tim Sackton: Unless it does more than 20 damage.
Mike Sackton: Briswin, are you okay? Healing seeker?
Kate Sackton: Yelling like.
Mike Sackton: Healing, healing like keeping him from dying like casting a major high, level, healing spell on him. So he doesn't die.
Kate Sackton: So the spell heal is okay. Does that work at when someone's unconscious.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: yes, I can do that.
Kate Sackton: Okay. It doesn't say restores you from unconsciousness.
Mike Sackton: Go with turn.
Kate Sackton: It's 1 of these stupid spells.
Mike Sackton: Delif turns into a cloud of butterflies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: I think I've done this before. I've had this ability for a long time, and goes flying across the battlefield and turns back into himself right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's nice!
Mike Sackton: My! That's my whole turn!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Seeker roll of death saving. Throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a d 10 right, and I.
Tim Sackton: That's funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: D sorry d 20 and it and it's
Tim Sackton: Just don't roll one.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 or higher right? Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: 10 or higher.
Tim Sackton: What?
Tim Sackton: That was a second death saving throw seeker is clinging to life.
Kate Sackton: But now it's my turn.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So I cast him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just want to say as I my eyes pop open again.
Eric Rosenbaum: The last thing I said before I went down was, it's okay, guys, you don't have to heal me. I'll be fine.
Tim Sackton: So he'll restores what 70 hit points.
Kate Sackton: 70.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! That's a great spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, how do I? What do I do now? Oh, healing.
Tim Sackton: Just heal 70 hit points so that ends rizwin's turn. Snazz, bizarre, rizwin
Kate Sackton: Oh, wait! Can I also move?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can also move. She is blinded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blinded and bloodied.
Tim Sackton: And bloodied, and what spells don't require sight?
Tim Sackton: That's an interesting question that I did not check in advance.
Tim Sackton: that you can see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's what character class are you.
Kate Sackton: Cleric.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cleric.
Kate Sackton: Think.
Kate Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: C, all those are C.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that one's not C, that's
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: okay, I think what Riswind is going to do.
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: touch Kenzo again.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna use her last 5th level slot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dude. How can she touch me if I'm blind and like ultra dexterous and acrobatic and stuff? Then I get to like, you know, not.
Tim Sackton: Well, she just has to brush her hand gently against you. Doesn't have to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm a fucking ultra ninja monk. She can't. How can she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Touch me!
Tim Sackton: Make another constitution saving, throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13.
Tim Sackton: You are cursed with a horrific disease.
Tim Sackton: You take 51 points of necrotic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it? 2024.
Tim Sackton: You are poisoned.
Tim Sackton: and you have disadvantage on all
Tim Sackton: constitution. Saving throws.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dark. Rosalyn's really dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Brisbane is very dark.
Tim Sackton: And now, because you are
Tim Sackton: oh, no, you're not. Poison doesn't give them disadvantage on you. It just gives you advantage on everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm on immune to poison.
Tim Sackton: I think you can
Tim Sackton: remove poison from yourself. Maybe I don't know. What what does it say? Does it say immune to poison?
Tim Sackton: I think I think you might have a feature that lets you remove the poison condition at the end of your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can remove, I can remove points in for myself. At the end of my turn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can remove being charmed, frightened, or poisoned.
Tim Sackton: At the end of your.
Mike Sackton: Turn. You're no longer poisoned.
Tim Sackton: End of your turn you are no longer poisoned. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then the dark angel is going to
Tim Sackton: wait.
Mike Sackton: Kong. Do you know you can? Reroll failed saving throws by spending a key point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're right. I totally can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that.
Mike Sackton: This isn't to save
Mike Sackton: right, or was it? No, it was a safe yeah. Why don't you just reroll the foul saving throw by spending a key point
Mike Sackton: time just looking at what monks can do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Fine.
Kate Sackton: Never mind all that darkness. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: How many key do you have left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like 5.
Tim Sackton: Dark angel
Tim Sackton: is going to rain. Fire down!
Tim Sackton: Who's close? All of you are close.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! Not again!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm in the air.
Tim Sackton: You're in the air
Tim Sackton: start with Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Actually kind of annoyed at Ken's. Oh, that's a natural 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come at me.
Tim Sackton: 3 hits on Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one does
Tim Sackton: 7
Tim Sackton: 14 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on! Hold on!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You're deflecting that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one d 1 d 10. 0, yeah, I automatically do one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they must succeed on a DC, 16, Dex. Say.
Tim Sackton: At the Angel, or at Riswyn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good question. Well, we don't want to kill Riswyn quite yet. Riswan's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but she's not dead. So.
Tim Sackton: Either one of them fails. Pick who you target at. I'm going to keep rolling damage. That's 8
Tim Sackton: plus 6, 14, plus 2 16 for the second attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I deflect. Oh, I can only deflect one. Okay, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And 1015,
Tim Sackton: plus 6 is 2123 for the 3rd attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 23, and then the other one is how much damage.
Tim Sackton: 16 so 39. Damage, total.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? And then I deflect the 1st one. Yeah, I guess I'll deflect the Deruzwin.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends Riswind's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on! That's 2D. 10 plus 5 damage.
Tim Sackton: The blinded, I assume, ends at
Tim Sackton: that was from
Tim Sackton: sneak attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I need 15 more damage to Rizwan on the deflected attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: and she is going to
Tim Sackton: not actually much point in
Tim Sackton: leaving.
Tim Sackton: So she'll just stay there.
Tim Sackton: con, save. Oh, con automatically. Sixties. Okay. So Welby, Kenzo Yahwasika riswin all in order.
Tim Sackton: See if you can take out bizar rizwan before she tries to disease. Somebody again.
Kate Sackton: Can anybody incapacitate her with any formal incapacitation thing? Or do we just have to start
Kate Sackton: grabbing at her with dexterity.
Kate Sackton: challenges.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Where is she? Right here?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Consave. So. Probably not.
Eric Rosenbaum: I only have my emergency. 8th level spell slot remaining for.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and on her turn she's gonna look around at all of you. And she's gonna say.
Tim Sackton: you think this is
Tim Sackton: you think you're doing well.
Tim Sackton: But trust me, you know what magic I'm capable of. There are no adamantine daggers
Tim Sackton: left to find in Drankar.
Tim Sackton: and the more time you spend here fighting us
Tim Sackton: dot dot.
Kate Sackton: The track.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's only gonna take 6 seconds will be shuts down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: I have like literally no spells left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can just fly down and sleight of hand like you should.
Mike Sackton: Just do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Yeah. And then the rest of you can all just do damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Kate Sackton: All right. So what order is happening.
Tim Sackton: Welby Kenzo Dawasika Rizman in that.
Mike Sackton: Perfect. So wallpaper goes first.st
Mike Sackton: Wait! Is she blinded, or anything? Do we have advantage.
Tim Sackton: Is no longer blinded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, she's oh, she's not standing there.
Tim Sackton: She's not stunned either. She has no conditions at the moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And.
Mike Sackton: Well, B. Has no way of giving our conditions right?
Tim Sackton: Not. If you use any action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could blind again.
Mike Sackton: No, I take the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the end of it.
Mike Sackton: Like the amlet, I think, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's a pain to hit it, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. So it's a fly down. It's an action to grab it.
Tim Sackton: Action. It's a slate of hand check.
Tim Sackton: Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice to sell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I think I'm gonna need it. Okay.
Kate Sackton: Is there bardic inspiration available.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: I forgot again she had inspiration. But
Tim Sackton: what did she will save against? I don't remember.
Kate Sackton: I thought you said she used an inspiration.
Mike Sackton: She used to her.
Tim Sackton: I keep forgetting about bardic inspiration, because I don't have a friendly bard player to remind me also.
Mike Sackton: Bardic inspiration goes away when the bard dies, doesn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's probably true.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What am I rolling against.
Tim Sackton: Dexterity, slate of hand, check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Against
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like. What am I trying to.
Tim Sackton: 50
Tim Sackton: Oops.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Too much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Party inspiration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fardict inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2012.
Tim Sackton: seeker is super far away from you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, that's true.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is my.
Tim Sackton: You didn't do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Heroic, heroic, inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Better.
Tim Sackton: Welby lands and grabs the amulet from her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome cunning action, disengage and move away.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Who's next?
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Can you? You should try and stun it. Do something to give me advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will if I can. I'm down to my last little bit of key here. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm actually I still have this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, st it's sack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is 23, Beth.
Tim Sackton: Mess misses.
Mike Sackton: See, that's what I mean. We need advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second, it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God! 22 misses. Jesus. This is annoying. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1st unarmed, strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27 that hits.
Tim Sackton: Fatheads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. Okay? Because yeah, the con save was a mistake. I'll spend another key on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess this doesn't really matter which one of these I think that useful.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't have to spend the key. You might want to save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's true. Alright, yeah. But I just can't. There's no other conditions I can give her from this.
Mike Sackton: That's fine. Just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. 2 more attacks that misses last attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that hits 27 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 12 more damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and
Tim Sackton: does not roll 2 natural ones. So succeeds on keeping the angel that ends Kenzo. So dawith then seeker, then Rizwan.
Mike Sackton: Mess
Mike Sackton: that'll hit.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Where's roll? 20. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So 19 damage.
Tim Sackton: Looking.
Mike Sackton: That'll hit, too.
Tim Sackton: Definitely getting low.
Mike Sackton: 27.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is that? That's just your right regular short attack.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, I have a glowing aura that adds 2D. 6 damage to all of my attacks.
Mike Sackton: It's my font of moon white spell.
Tim Sackton: Thanks guys.
Mike Sackton: But I've not even been targeted by anything I've only taken. I've taken almost no damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that. And so Seeker's turn is up.
Tim Sackton: and then regular. Rizwyn.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could like really aggressively clairvoyance her.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any wrong unit?
Mike Sackton: You don't have any like long range spells, do you?
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have a I could do a 3rd Level catapult. No, that has range 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I can do anything just way, too far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't you do a catapult on the on this the spirit bird thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, I didn't think of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's high.
Mike Sackton: Up in the air, though.
Tim Sackton: That's a hundred 20 feet in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can't do that.
Tim Sackton: Bow has a 600 foot range. It keeps drifting higher up every turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I dispel magic on it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That'd be cool.
Tim Sackton: To. It's out of range.
Mike Sackton: 120 foot range for dispel magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I don't think it's in range of any spell you can target. It's probably 200 feet up by now.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the range of vicious mockery? I don't think I can really do anything meaningful.
Mike Sackton: I mean you could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cry.
Mike Sackton: You could dash and get.
Mike Sackton: Can you get.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is.
Mike Sackton: 60 feet. Then you can counterspow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I get onto the ladder?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I have the ladder. Dash.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, so that so the ladder can go 60 feet and fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm on the ladder.
Mike Sackton: So the latter could get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ladder could get to here
Eric Rosenbaum: with me riding.
Mike Sackton: But is this provide cover? Can you see through this.
Tim Sackton: That's a big factor. It's I mean, it does
Tim Sackton: like push cover. But you can see a lot. Yeah, get get.
Mike Sackton: The ladder and get within 60 feet, and then just counterspell her.
Mike Sackton: I think that's your best bet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I just wait until.
Mike Sackton: Just wait until she casts something.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Do.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Counterspell
Eric Rosenbaum: available.
Mike Sackton: That you did? Do you not have counterstop.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do. I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just didn't know.
Tim Sackton: So Riswin is up.
Kate Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feel yourself.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: alright! So I move
Kate Sackton: little closer, so that I can be better, I think.
Kate Sackton: s.
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: really I just want this to be over. So this is gonna be overkill. But why not?
Kate Sackton: Because
Kate Sackton: he's going to avoid something if I just have her roll. So I'm gonna do something that has a deck, save which is on Jura celestial
Kate Sackton: and that has a 90 foot range, and I can put a 10 foot radius thing right on top of her that
Kate Sackton: you know beams healing searing light at her. There's that.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. What does the spell do?
Kate Sackton: It
Kate Sackton: does. What do you mean? What does it do? It.
Tim Sackton: What does it do?
Kate Sackton: I conjure a spirit from the upper plains, manifesting as a pillar of light in a 10 foot radius
Kate Sackton: that beams down, that the target makes a dex saving throw, and takes 6 d. 12 radiant damage on a fail or half as much on a success.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Okay, fails.
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn.
Tim Sackton: but also.
Mike Sackton: You can heal the rest of us.
Tim Sackton: And her death ward kicks in, and she is reduced to one hit point.
Mike Sackton: But wait, wait, Kate, you can heal me, and Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: Can I set it up like that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, for each creature you see. Choose which of the lights shines on it, healing or steering.
Kate Sackton: True.
Kate Sackton: You get 4 d. 12.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not like a mini split. That's my spell card.
Kate Sackton: Testing ability modifier.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: That's yeah. So, Kenzie, you get back 4 d. 12 damage.
Kate Sackton: Do I need to roll? 40, 12.
Mike Sackton: Well, normally. Yes, that's the way you do it. But.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Done.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Brisbane
Tim Sackton: Czar Rizwan.
Tim Sackton: having just survived this
Kate Sackton: 15.
Tim Sackton: That's a bad role, but it doesn't matter, because resume.
Kate Sackton: It's it.
Tim Sackton: Last very long, with one hip wing.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: As this holy light shines around her, she turns and looks, and
Tim Sackton: with only one hit point
Tim Sackton: she's just gonna
Tim Sackton: run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
Tim Sackton: C.
Tim Sackton: If anybody can hit her with an opportunity attack. If you have your reactions.
Mike Sackton: Ellis has a reaction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We've got to be.
Mike Sackton: Ow, haha!
Mike Sackton: She has to make an int. 18,
Mike Sackton: save DC. 18 int. Save I'm using Warcaster to cast mind sliver on her.
Tim Sackton: 19
Tim Sackton: oh, wow.
Mike Sackton: Maybe you can hit her. Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do not. 18.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: sex.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She can't cast ceiling on herself.
Tim Sackton: She can't heal.
Mike Sackton: These creatures can't heal.
Tim Sackton: Constructs can't heal. Otherwise she'd have dumped the heal on herself already. They can benefit from Death Ward.
Tim Sackton: She's getting kind of low on slots, but
Tim Sackton: not so low that you can't throw up a wall of fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: so last. Y'all
Tim Sackton: let me just make sure I think it has to take its turn at the end. So it's gonna not be able to
Tim Sackton: do anything.
Tim Sackton: yeah. So the Celestial vanishes before I can do anything. But
Tim Sackton: a wall of fire
Tim Sackton: surrounds.
Tim Sackton: Where is my wallet fire?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: it's a 20 foot radius.
Mike Sackton: Is it surrounding us, or surrounding.
Tim Sackton: Surrounding. It's surrounding you. I just wanna
Tim Sackton: I think it can get
Tim Sackton: yeah, it's gonna surround the 3 of you.
Kate Sackton: But isn't Bobby flying.
Mike Sackton: No. He landed.
Kate Sackton: Right!
Mike Sackton: Maybe he's back in the air, but
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Fly up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if I had it.
Tim Sackton: How.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think I had enough move to get
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): way high up again, because I disengaged.
Tim Sackton: A wall of fire is
Tim Sackton: 20 feet high.
Tim Sackton: Come on, okay. I'm just gonna draw.
Tim Sackton: So that's I think that's about right.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3. Yeah, that's 4 squares across, so that hits the 3 of you with a deck saving throw.
Tim Sackton: and that ends Rizwan's turn.
Mike Sackton: okay, wait. Do we take damage? We don't. We do take damage.
Tim Sackton: You take 27 points of damage. If you fail, Wowbi takes no damage.
Mike Sackton: What if you oh, if you.
Tim Sackton: Now it takes 27 point
Tim Sackton: Kenzo deck saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Kenzo takes no damage that was not actually so useful. But she's panicking a little bit.
Mike Sackton: What? 27 damage you said.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: Hold on a second. I'm just trying to
Mike Sackton: font of moonlight.
Mike Sackton: You can. Oh, I already used my reaction. Never mind.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Welby, you're up.
Tim Sackton: If you hit her, she dies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll fly straight up so that I can see what I'm doing their line of sight. And then I'm gonna
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): actually wait a minute.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she's 24 A/C.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I get bardic inspiration from where I am now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I did get closer.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): great. I will fly up
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I want to make really sure I hit her. So I'm going to use the clockwork amulet to roll a 10
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plus 12 to hit is 22. I'm going to roll some bardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Wendy 12. You gotta roll. Yep.
Tim Sackton: Your hat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's under.
Eric Rosenbaum: 34.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna use the Lightning arrow because I won't.
Mike Sackton: Sure
Mike Sackton: she only has one hit point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. But I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what else am I gonna do with this today? Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Rezwan.
Tim Sackton: as the arrow flies
Tim Sackton: from Welby's bow.
Tim Sackton: turns into a bolt of lightning.
Tim Sackton: And then strikes
Tim Sackton: Riswin.
Tim Sackton: who then disintegrates in a cloud of dust.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Kate Sackton: How do we get back to our ship and heal ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can teleport us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we saved the teleport slot just for this reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's the longest combat we've ever had!
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was wild.
Mike Sackton: That was wild.
Tim Sackton: Fighting yourself is very complicated. I forgot a whole bunch of things. But I think it's okay.
Kate Sackton: It's okay. We do that, too. So it's very realistic.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're stuck.
Tim Sackton: Run, monitor, staff, box.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: A nice way to really get to know each other, you know. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So seekers use. You're using your 8th level spell to teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that makes sense.
Mike Sackton: Or should we just Rainbow Bridge? Doesn't the Rainbow Bridge recharge every day? If it's within a hundred miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we can just do that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Let's just rainbow bridge.
Kate Sackton: Bridge.
Kate Sackton: The return wasn't. We're dead.
Mike Sackton: Because then I mean, if there's some reason we need an 8th level spot like I don't know to make another simracum
Mike Sackton: we could do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Overnight.
Mike Sackton: Overnight.
Mike Sackton: or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because.
Mike Sackton: Wow! And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Otherwise pretty empty. I guess you can't.
Mike Sackton: Do that because you can't long rest. You need to long rest right? But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's just head back to the now that Faust has taken it over.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we Rainbow Bridge back to the skyship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Wait! There's no there's no treasure for us to leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's sad.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just disintegrated.
Tim Sackton: They all disintegrate.
Tim Sackton: You have the amulets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's cool. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That might be useful for teleportation.
Tim Sackton: We also have the various taunts that they left you in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The taunts will live on forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the lightning tower, which will just take like 1 min to like chest out and fire someone.
Mike Sackton: I think it's like, let's teleport back to the ship. But somehow we ended up at the top of the lightning tower. I don't know how that happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Teleport, missiles.
Mike Sackton: Fire, sometimes.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's complex. You wouldn't understand.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's Arcane, you know.
Tim Sackton: So you return to your ship, battered and bruised.
Tim Sackton: having expended essentially all of your resources, defeating yourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And are left now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just want to say I'm actually in great shape. I have more than my regular number of hit points. Still, I'm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm feeling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just go on directly. That's that would be fine.
Mike Sackton: Now that last 27 took me below my
Mike Sackton: normal Max hit points. I just need a short rest. I'll be fine. Just a snack look. All I really need is like a good snack.
Mike Sackton: some, some plantain chips and what was the joke? Coat? Oh, you just made that to me, but Tim would get it. Plantain chips and drinks
Mike Sackton: come back to the boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm sleepy. Guys.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, me, too. Me, too. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: no, I mean also secret.
Mike Sackton: You mean seekers going to sleep? I thought you meant you were going to sleep.
Tim Sackton: Yes, but before you all go to that was
Tim Sackton: that was great. That was a little longer than I intended, because it's a lot of work which is totally fine.
Tim Sackton: You return to the ship now. It still is like, you know, mid-morning, and you're looking out across the city
Tim Sackton: wondering
Tim Sackton: like, what's your next move here?
Tim Sackton: And definitely, I do not anticipate you spending
Tim Sackton: an hour discussing it. But maybe 10 min before we sign off would be okay, just so that I have some sense of.
Mike Sackton: Thought we were going after the black tree.
Mike Sackton: still trying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Find the dagger right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. The dagger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Behind the dagger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Kate Sackton: We're just gonna disbelieve all of the. There's no adamantine daggers here pawns and sue our plan.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna we're gonna start by heading towards Rise
Mike Sackton: last known location.
Tim Sackton: Which you're almost directly above, right now in the skyship.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we use this stone sense scanning.
Mike Sackton: There is
Mike Sackton: an open question as to whether we
Mike Sackton: long rest like, but you can't long rest multiple times in a day right.
Tim Sackton: You have to wait till tonight the longest, but
Tim Sackton: you could hang out on the Shep.
Mike Sackton: So do we just float on the ship all day, and like chill.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we'll be using. We'll be scanning for adamantium.
Mike Sackton: Does that require spell? Slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: so you can swimming.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can only do it a few like 3 times, or something.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or 5? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with is, could once we short rest. I'm like all good to go
Mike Sackton: buy it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I would I'd have a couple of second of sorcerer spells that I
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: they don't get back. But
Mike Sackton: so I mean we could.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, Briswin and and Seeker are pretty much drained right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: really.
Tim Sackton: Are you sorry? Are you, rainbow bridging or teleporting.
Mike Sackton: Footbridge.
Tim Sackton: So seeker still 8th level slot.
Mike Sackton: Animal shapes, and we could just fly around in various animal shapes, exploring the place.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know how that.
Mike Sackton: Helps us.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna go after the flattery. That's our.
Tim Sackton: I, just at 1 point you had discussed trying to kill a Polyon before you went after the factory.
Mike Sackton: We decided that was a bad idea.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know where Pauline is.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you do.
Mike Sackton: These are the giant red mists.
Tim Sackton: He is right.
Tim Sackton: You know exactly where he is.
Tim Sackton: He's right.
Tim Sackton: He's right there up in that golden dome, surrounded by plague mist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a great idea, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Well, it would make more sense for you to do the file factory first, st
Tim Sackton: because I want to do a Polyon in December, when we can have a long session, and plus, I need to make up stats.
Tim Sackton: I have the rest of drankor pretty much done.
Mike Sackton: I think we go after the flock tree first.st I think that makes more sense.
Tim Sackton: That's what Rs Day would tell you to do, just saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said, who it tells to do.
Mike Sackton: Ow.
Tim Sackton: Alf.
Mike Sackton: The Elf. Maybe we should. Maybe we should use one of our get advices to understand the best strategy for navigating the dangers. But no, we should just we should.
Mike Sackton: We should go after the flag rate. We should start by checking out
Mike Sackton: rise last known location.
Mike Sackton: look for clues.
Mike Sackton: We'll try and hang on the ship, but we'll be and dealt with could like go down and look for clues like we can do a little bit of scouting, so we don't want to waste the day right. But we're not. We're gonna try and run away instead of fight to the extent that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's stop there.
Kate Sackton: Any sort of getting advice rituals we can use.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you want to use the getting advice ritual, we can do that.
Tim Sackton: The beginning of next session. That's a good Intro just to get. So we did some scheduling last time, just to confirm. We don't need to go into December yet, but
Tim Sackton: November 21st is still our next
Tim Sackton: opportunity.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and that I know Schwartz is an hour late, roughly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's right.
Tim Sackton: But we'll we'll start with like some exploration stuff, and then we can recap it for you. When you show up before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Google.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Okay. Great. Sounds. Good. Everybody.
Kate Sackton: Great.